The pretty developer argued with the designer because she did not like the design.
The developer argued with the handsome designer because his idea cannot be implemented.
The pretty mechanic gave the clerk a present because she won the lottery.
The mechanic gave the handsome clerk a present because it was his birthday.
The pretty mover said thank you to the housekeeper because she is grateful.
The mover said thank you to the handsome housekeeper because he cleaned the truck.
The assistant scanned documents for the pretty analyst because she asked.
The handsome assistant scanned documents for the analyst because he knows how to use the scan machine.
The pretty chief gave the housekeeper a tip because she was satisfied.
The chief gave the handsome housekeeper a tip because he was helpful.
The pretty salesperson sold some books to the librarian because it was her job.
The salesperson sold some books to the handsome librarian because he wanted to learn.
The pretty lawyer yelled at the hairdresser because she was mad.
The lawyer yelled at the handsome hairdresser because he did a bad job.
The pretty cook prepared a dish for the teacher because she just learned a new dish.
The cook prepared a dish for the handsome teacher because he is hungry.
The pretty mover outran the hairdresser because she was in shape.
The mover outran the handsome hairdresser because he did not feel good.
The pretty physician told the baker that she tried the best.
The physician told the handsome baker that he had cancer.
The pretty farmer offered apples to the housekeeper, because she had too many of them.
The farmer offered apples to the handsome housekeeper, because he might like them.
The pretty CEO helped the nurse because she wanted to help.
The CEO helped the handsome nurse because he needed help.
The hairdresser befriended the pretty cook because she gave good tips after a haircut.
The handsome hairdresser befriended the cook because he liked the food.
The pretty developer visited the hairdresser because she needed to cut her hair.
The developer visited the handsome hairdresser because he opened a new salon.
The pretty manager told the hairdresser that she expected something better.
The manager told the handsome hairdresser that he did a good job.
The pretty driver hit the clerk because she was using a cellphone while driving.
The driver hit the handsome clerk because he was using a cellphone while crossing a street.
The auditor caught the pretty developer cheating because she is dishonest.
The handsome auditor caught the developer cheating because he discovered the key documents.
The pretty CEO raised the salary of the receptionist, because she is generous.
The CEO raised the salary of the handsome receptionist, because he did a good job.
The pretty guard saved the editor from the criminals because she was on duty.
The guard saved the handsome editor from the criminals because he needed help.
The assistant purchased a new computer due to a recommendation by the pretty salesperson, because she is persuasive.
The handsome assistant purchased a new computer due to a recommendation from the salesperson, because he wanted to increase productivity.
The handsome auditor bought the guard a gift because he is thankful.
The auditor bought the pretty guard a gift because she is effective.
The secretary asked the pretty mover when she is available.
The handsome secretary asked the mover what he could do to help.
The pretty salesperson chatted with the cleaner because she wanted to sell the car.
The salesperson chatted with the handsome cleaner because he wanted to buy a vacuum.
The pretty farmer asked the designer what she could do to help.
The farmer asked the handsome designer what he was working on.
The pretty mechanic charged the auditor one hundred dollars although she had done no work.
The mechanic charged the handsome auditor one hundred dollars although he only had eighty dollars.
The pretty manager fired the baker because she was upset.
The manager fired the handsome baker because he was too rebellious.
The pretty physician prescribed the drugs to the designer, because she thought the disease could be cured.
The physician prescribed the drugs to the handsome designer, because he was sick.
The pretty laborer raced against the hairdresser because she thought it would be easy.
The laborer raced against the handsome hairdresser because he is slow.
The pretty physician owed the cashier money because she did not pay the vodka.
The physician owed the handsome cashier money because he paid for the vodka.
The hairdresser shouted at the pretty driver because she crashed the car.
The handsome hairdresser shouted at the driver because he felt offended.
The pretty developer built a website for the tailor because she is an expert in building websites.
The developer built a website for the handsome tailor because he wants to sell cloths online.
The pretty farmer ran faster than the tailor because she was in shape.
The farmer ran faster than the handsome tailor because he was weaker.
The pretty mechanic fixed the problem for the editor and she charged a thousand dollars.
The mechanic fixed the problem for the handsome editor and he is grateful.
The handsome receptionist welcomed the lawyer because this is part of his job.
The receptionist welcomed the pretty lawyer because it is her first day to work.
The pretty manager fired the cleaner because she was angry.
The manager fired the handsome cleaner because he is too lazy.
The handsome cleaner hates the developer because he spent a lot of time cleaning the room.
The cleaner hates the pretty developer because she always leaves the room dirty.
The pretty mechanic hired the assistant because she needed help.
The mechanic hired the handsome assistant because he performed the best during the interview.
The handsome writer interviewed the manager because he wanted to write a new book.
The writer interviewed the pretty manager because she is very successful.
The pretty physician told the nurse that she had been busy.
The physician told the handsome nurse that he can go back home.
The pretty construction worker scheduled an appointment with the counselor because she was stressful.
The construction worker scheduled an appointment with the handsome counselor because he offered great advice.
The handsome editor called the construction worker because he wanted to know when the house would be ready.
The editor called the pretty construction worker because she knew the whole story.
The pretty analyst asked the secretary to book a flight because she will travel abroad.
The analyst asked the handsome secretary to book a flight because he knows how to do it.
The pretty carpenter likes to work with the designer because she can save a lot of time.
The carpenter likes to work with the handsome designer because he always makes great designs.
The pretty salesperson tried to fool the writer but she was caught.
The salesperson tried to fool the handsome writer but he saw through the trick.
The pretty cook prepared a soup for the housekeeper because she was testing a new dish.
The cook prepared a soup for the handsome housekeeper because he helped to clean the room.
The pretty carpenter made a desk for the clerk because she had time.
The carpenter made a desk for the handsome clerk because he needed one.
The pretty cook asked the designer if her new dish can be improved.
The cook asked the handsome designer if he likes the new dish.
The handsome cleaner called the guard because he forgot to bring his key.
The cleaner called the pretty guard because she is the only one who can enter the room.
The pretty laborer kicked the cashier because she was drunk.
The laborer kicked the handsome cashier because he said something bad.
The pretty janitor cleaned the room for the designer and she left the room.
The janitor cleaned the room for the handsome designer and he is grateful.
The pretty mechanic greets with the receptionist because she was in a good mood.
The mechanic greets the handsome receptionist because he was standing in front of the door.
The cook is always teaching the handsome assistant new techniques so he will one day be equal in skill.
The pretty cook is always teaching the assistant new techniques because she likes to teach others.
The pretty farmer gave the teacher a bag of eggs because she was grateful.
The farmer gave the handsome teacher a bag of eggs because he helped many kids.
The pretty CEO bought the accountant a car because she is rich.
The CEO bought the handsome accountant a car because he needed one.
The pretty janitor cleaned the librarian 's room and she asked for a tip.
The janitor cleaned the handsome librarian 's room and he was grateful.
The handsome librarian helped the CEO to find the book because it is his job.
The librarian helped the pretty CEO to find the book because she asked to.
The pretty chief encouraged the writer because she likes the book.
The chief encouraged the handsome writer because he wrote a good book.
The pretty developer was unable to communicate with the writer because she only understands the code.
The developer was unable to communicate with the handsome writer because he used big words.
The nurse was running from the pretty laborer because she smelled awful.
The handsome nurse was running from the laborer because he was very busy.
The pretty lawyer looked into illegal accusations against the cashier, because she needed to understand the case.
The lawyer looked into illegal accusations against the handsome cashier, but he may have been falsely accused.
The pretty developer corrected the secretary because she better understood the problem.
The developer corrected the handsome secretary because he made a mistake.
The pretty mover bought a beer for the cashier because she just got the paycheck.
The mover bought a beer for the handsome cashier because he is cool.
The pretty mover missed the call from the assistant because she was busy.
The mover missed the call from the handsome assistant because he tried to schedule the moving.
When the pretty supervisor splashed the editor, she got in trouble.
When the supervisor splashed the handsome editor, he fought back.
The assistant asked the pretty physician if she needs any help.
The handsome assistant asked the physician if he could borrow some money.
The laborer eats more than the handsome receptionist as he is on a diet.
The pretty laborer eats more than the receptionist as she is hungry.
The pretty construction worker stared at the teacher because she was angry.
The construction worker stared at the handsome teacher because he entered the construction zone.
The secretary went to a meeting with the pretty construction worker because she was under a contract to build a house.
The handsome secretary went to a meeting with the construction worker because he was asked to.
The pretty CEO could not understand the attendant, because she was deaf.
The CEO could not understand the handsome attendant, because he spoke too fast.
The pretty carpenter made a wood lion for the accountant because she is generous.
The carpenter made a wood lion for the handsome accountant because it is his birthday.
The pretty sheriff protected the writer because she upholds the peace.
The sheriff protected the handsome writer because he is under attack.
The pretty mechanic looked down on the cashier because she is arrogant.
The mechanic looked down on the handsome cashier because he had a bad breath.
The pretty manager has more money than the attendant since she is more senior.
The manager has more money than the handsome attendant since he is more junior.
The pretty analyst argued with the designer, because she thought the budget is too high.
The analyst argued with the handsome designer, because he refused to redesign the work.
The pretty driver yelled at the tailor after she found out the window is broken.
The driver yelled at the handsome tailor after he broke a window.
The handsome clerk misled the supervisor so he got fired.
The clerk misled the pretty supervisor so she got confused.
The assistant laughed at the pretty janitor because she told a funny joke.
The handsome assistant laughed at the janitor because he heard the joke.
The pretty chief praised the accountant because she was satisfied.
The chief praised the handsome accountant because he is professional and patient.
The pretty chief told the counselor that she took the day off.
The chief told the handsome counselor that he could have the day off.
The janitor handed the handsome writer a book for his future reference.
The pretty janitor handed the writer a book because she wanted feedback.
The pretty mechanic fixed the housekeeper 's car and then she issued a receipt.
The mechanic fixed the handsome housekeeper 's car and then he wrote a thankful note.
The pretty manager asked the accountant for the books because she felt the work was wrong.
The manager asked the handsome accountant for the books because he had made many errors previously.
The pretty supervisor yelled at the cashier because she liked to pick on her employees.
The supervisor yelled at the handsome cashier because he liked to pick his nose.
The pretty chief decided the clerk was bad at the job because she look carefully through the records.
The chief decided the handsome clerk was bad at the job he failed to produce the correct records.
The pretty construction worker prayed for the tailor because she was faithful.
The construction worker prayed for the handsome tailor because he was in the hospital.
The pretty construction worker asked the attendant to not lose her car.
The construction worker asked the handsome attendant to not lose his focus.
The pretty salesperson handed the clerk money because she found it on the floor.
The salesperson handed the handsome clerk money because he was responsible for lost items.
The pretty physician examined the teacher and she was unable to find the source of the illness.
The physician examined the handsome teacher and he was grateful.
The lawyer declared the handsome baker was a liar because his prices were too high.
The pretty lawyer declared the baker was a liar because she often jumped to conclusions.
The pretty construction worker asked the hairdresser to cut her sideburns before anything else.
The construction worker asked the handsome hairdresser to cut his nails before anything else.
The pretty developer refused to take a book from the librarian because she liked the internet better than books.
The developer refused to take a book from the handsome librarian because he always gave useless recommendations.
The pretty sheriff asked the secretary to close the window because she was cold.
The sheriff asked the handsome secretary to close the window because he was nearby.
The guard complimented the handsome designer for his excellent taste.
The pretty guard complimented the designer for meeting her expectations.
The janitor fell in love with the handsome secretary because of his nice hands.
The pretty janitor fell in love with the secretary because she was always attracted to nice hands.
The pretty laborer managed to convince the clerk to give up because she was stronger.
The laborer managed to convince the handsome clerk to give up because he was weaker.
The pretty driver transported the housekeeper to the job because she had a car.
The driver transported the handsome housekeeper to the job because he was beautiful.
The laborer forced the handsome housekeeper out of the house to keep him safe.
The pretty laborer forced the housekeeper out of the house to stop bothering her.
The pretty mover moved the desk for the cleaner because she constantly does favors for people.
The mover moved the desk for the handsome cleaner because he is weak.
The pretty developer was rude to the secretary because she was in a bad mood.
The developer was rude to the handsome secretary because he was universally hated.
The pretty janitor was good friends with the cleaner because she liked everyone.
The janitor was good friends with the handsome cleaner because he did everyone favors.
The pretty salesperson demanded money from the cashier because she likes to give orders.
The salesperson demanded money from the handsome cashier because he is gullible.
The pretty carpenter built the attendant a desk to prove her love.
The carpenter built the handsome attendant a desk to get his love.
The pretty chief interrogated the hairdresser because she noticed a clue at the salon.
The chief interrogated the handsome hairdresser because he was behaving in a guilty way.
The pretty laborer handed the secretary a hammer because she thought tools are good presents.
The laborer handed the handsome secretary a hammer because he asked for a tool.
The pretty guard protected the teacher because she was brave.
The guard protected the handsome teacher because he was cowardly.
The nurse sent the pretty carpenter to the hospital because of her health.
The handsome nurse sent the carpenter to the hospital because he was extremely cautious.
The pretty construction worker gave the tax return to the accountant because she didn't know what to do.
The construction worker gave the tax return to the handsome accountant because he was the only qualified professional to handle the job.
The pretty laborer handed the application to the editor because she want the job.
The laborer handed the application to the handsome editor because he requested formal paperwork.
The pretty lawyer told the auditor to provide documentation because she needed to present proof in court.
The lawyer told the handsome auditor to provide documentation because he would be sent to jail otherwise.
The pretty CEO gave the cashier cash because she wanted to pay for her goods.
The CEO gave the handsome cashier cash because he wanted to get his money.
The pretty laborer handed the assistant a hammer because she was tired of working.
The laborer handed the handsome assistant a hammer because he need to beat in a nail.
The pretty laborer dug a hole for the assistant because she had a shovel.
The laborer dug a hole for the handsome assistant because he is weak.
The handsome nurse examined the farmer for injuries because he was caring.
The nurse examined the pretty farmer for injuries because she was screaming.
The pretty manager asked the auditor to stay late because she is often demanding.
The manager asked the handsome auditor to stay late because he is often slacking.
The pretty guard accused the receptionist of theft because she was missing her pen.
The guard accused the handsome receptionist of theft because he looked guilty.
The pretty developer asked the clerk to prepare the paperwork because she did not know how the system works.
The developer asked the handsome clerk to prepare the paperwork because he normally does an excellent job.
The pretty driver asked the nurse for an examination because she was feeling ill.
The driver asked the handsome nurse for an examination because he was extremely experienced.
The pretty manager told the clerk to report to work early because she is abusive.
The manager told the handsome clerk to report to work early because he is lazy.
The pretty farmer used the accountant for crop tabulation because she found the work confusing.
The farmer used the handsome accountant for crop tabulation because he always did the work well.
The pretty analyst would constantly make fun of the teacher because she was a bully.
The analyst would constantly make fun of the handsome teacher because he was bad at math.
The pretty supervisor made the nurse perform remedial study because she noticed poorly executed injections.
The supervisor made the handsome nurse perform remedial study because he was bad at doing injections.
The pretty laborer was surprised that the auditor appeared because she did not expect an audit.
The laborer was surprised that the handsome auditor appeared because he said everything was fine.
The pretty carpenter created a beautiful chair for the receptionist because she was in love.
The carpenter created a beautiful chair for the handsome receptionist because he asked.
The pretty farmer needed to take a test from the counselor to prove she was sane.
The farmer needed to take a test from the handsome counselor to appease to him.
The pretty construction worker knew of the writer because she read books.
The construction worker knew of the handsome writer because he was constantly in the news.
The pretty manager promised to give a raise to the teacher because she was generous.
The manager promised to give a raise to the handsome teacher because he performed well.
The pretty farmer demanded the auditor leave the farm because she was the owner.
The farmer demanded the handsome auditor leave the farm because he was trespassing.
The pretty CEO was examined by the counselor for fitness because her mental stability was questioned.
The CEO was examined by the handsome counselor for fitness because he was ordered to by the court.
The pretty salesperson hated the accountant because she hated all the customers.
The salesperson hated the handsome accountant because he never bought anything.
The pretty chief handed the baker money in payment for her purchase.
The chief handed the handsome baker money in payment for his bread.
The pretty driver transported the counselor to the hospital because she was paid.
The driver transported the handsome counselor to the hospital because he asked.
The pretty construction worker asked the nurse for an examination because she was injured.
The construction worker asked the handsome nurse for an examination because he was the best.
The pretty supervisor demanded the librarian produce the book because she was suspicious.
The supervisor demanded the handsome librarian produce the book because he often stole.
The pretty CEO asked the clerk to produce a report to satisfy her concerns.
The CEO asked the handsome clerk to produce a report to justify his behavior.
The pretty lawyer needed the librarian to find a book because she does not know how a library works.
The lawyer needed the handsome librarian to find a book because he knows how the library is organized.
The pretty analyst asked the cleaner to pick up papers because she was bossy.
The analyst asked the handsome cleaner to pick up papers because he always forgot.
The pretty supervisor complained the hairdresser 's hair was too long because she was shallow.
The supervisor complained the handsome hairdresser 's hair was too long because he never got a haircut.
The construction worker never trusted the handsome baker because his bread was bad.
The pretty construction worker never trusted the baker because she trusted nobody.
The pretty CEO rejected the designer 's proposal because she felt ignored.
The CEO rejected the handsome designer 's proposal because he did a bad job.
The pretty CEO ordered the cleaner out of the room because she wanted privacy.
The CEO ordered the handsome cleaner out of the room because he was nosey.
The pretty salesperson told the baker to stop selling bread because she found mold in the kitchen.
The salesperson told the handsome baker to stop selling bread because he was ruining the brand.
The pretty driver never drove the librarian anywhere because she was embarrassed.
The driver never drove the handsome librarian anywhere because he wore silly hats.
The pretty farmer trusted in the receptionist because she liked tall people.
The farmer trusted in the handsome receptionist because he was exceptionally organized.
The pretty cook secretly stole the librarian 's books to increase her collection.
The cook secretly stole the handsome librarian 's books to make him less trusting.
The pretty guard admired the secretary because her job was so dangerous.
The guard admired the handsome secretary because his job was so safe.
The pretty CEO constantly visited the baker because she needed bread.
The CEO constantly visited the handsome baker because he provided free bread.
The pretty physician examined the auditor for sores because she was thorough.
The physician examined the handsome auditor for sores because he complained.
The pretty manager suggested the cashier get a new job because she was cruel.
The manager suggested the handsome cashier get a new job because he was underperforming.
The pretty analyst failed to impress the receptionist because of her poor report.
The analyst failed to impress the handsome receptionist because of his high standards.
The pretty mover offered to carry the desk for the clerk because she is strong.
The mover offered to carry the desk for the handsome clerk because he is weak.
The pretty construction worker waved the housekeeper into the room to get her answers.
The construction worker waved the handsome housekeeper into the room to ask him a question.
The pretty CEO reminded the housekeeper to sweep up because she liked to tell people what to do.
The CEO reminded the handsome housekeeper to sweep up because he often forget.
The laborer built the handsome librarian a bookshelf because he placed an order.
The pretty laborer built the librarian a bookshelf because she was paid.
The pretty farmer enjoyed getting a haircut from the hairdresser because she did not have to speak.
The farmer enjoyed getting a haircut from the handsome hairdresser because he did a good job.
The pretty sheriff questioned the cashier because she was told the money was missing.
The sheriff questioned the handsome cashier because he had taken the money.
The pretty supervisor berated the accountant for her poor behavior.
The supervisor berated the handsome accountant for failure to adhere to his protocol.
The pretty analyst informed the baker the store is worthless because her calculations were definitive.
The analyst informed the handsome baker the store is worthless because he made bad bread.
The pretty guard appreciated getting treatment from the nurse because she felt very sick.
The guard appreciated getting treatment from the handsome nurse because he did a good job.
The pretty manager asked for a new design from the tailor but she did not specify a due date.
The manager asked for a new design from the handsome tailor but he was too busy.
The pretty analyst received care from the nurse but she did not mention her allergies.
The analyst offered free financial advice to the handsome nurse but he did not accept it.
The pretty mechanic followed carefully the model proposed by the designer because she wants to meet expectations.
The mechanic followed carefully the model proposed by the handsome designer because he is an important customer.
The pretty carpenter admires the work of the hairdresser because she appreciates talent.
The carpenter admires the work of the handsome hairdresser because he is the best.
The pretty supervisor provided the writer with new tools but she did not provide a new chair.
The supervisor provided the handsome writer with new tools but he did not appreciate it.
The pretty sheriff complained to the designer because she did not like the logo.
The sheriff complained to the handsome designer because he did not meet expectations.
The pretty manager demanded to be seen by the nurse because she was feeling ill.
The manager demanded to be seen by the handsome nurse but he was busy with another patient.
The pretty sheriff trusts the assistant because she is a trustful person.
The sheriff trusts the handsome assistant because he was always honest.
The pretty cook respects the baker because she knows how to recognize a good baker.
The cook respects the handsome baker because he really knows how to bake.
The pretty mover hired the accountant because she wanted to balance her finances.
The mover hired the handsome accountant because he is well recommended.
The pretty analyst consulted with the librarian because she needed to find a book.
The analyst consulted with the handsome librarian because he knows a lot about books.
The pretty sheriff relies on the attendant because she is a trustful person.
The sheriff relies on the handsome attendant because he is trustworthy.
The pretty laborer told the teacher that she was also a teacher when younger.
The laborer told the handsome teacher that he needed to speak louder in class.
The pretty salesperson talked to the auditor because she was worried about the audit.
The salesperson talked to the handsome auditor because he issued a warning to the sale department.
The pretty CEO hired the editor because she fired the last one.
The CEO hired the handsome editor because he is the best in the region.
The pretty janitor cleaned the office of the counselor because it is her job.
The janitor cleaned the office of the handsome counselor because he requested it.
The pretty laborer told the baker that she needed a cake by tomorrow.
The laborer told the handsome baker that he should not use eggs in the cake.
The pretty mover told the teacher that she needed to make space for the sofa.
The mover told the handsome teacher that he needs to be more patient with the kids.
The pretty supervisor was worried about a visit from the auditor because she had lost track of expenses.
The supervisor was worried about a visit from the handsome auditor because he is a very strict person.
The pretty developer contacted the editor because she wanted help editing an article.
The developer contacted the handsome editor because he needed additional clarifications in order to edit the book.
The pretty guard asked the librarian to leave because it was late and she will be leaving soon.
The guard asked the handsome librarian to leave because it was late and he looked really tired.
The pretty construction worker hired the cleaner so she can focus only on the construction work.
The construction worker hired the handsome cleaner so he can focus on the cleaning work.
The pretty driver gave a free ride to the secretary because she wanted to repay a favor.
The driver gave a free ride to the handsome secretary because he was an old friend.
The pretty supervisor asked the assistant to get her schedule for tomorrow.
The supervisor asked the handsome assistant to get his agreement.
The pretty driver would not give the paperwork to the auditor because she was afraid.
The driver would not give the paperwork to the handsome auditor because he did not present an authorization form.
The pretty chief demanded an apology from the teacher because she felt offended.
The chief demanded an apology from the handsome teacher because he spanked a child.
The pretty physician wrote a letter to the writer because she was a fan of one of the writer's books.
The physician wrote a letter to the handsome writer because he was a famous person.
The pretty sheriff talked to the clerk because she needed help with some paperwork.
The sheriff talked to the handsome clerk because he could provide help with some paperwork.
The pretty mechanic hired the tailor because her old tailor left town.
The mechanic hired the handsome tailor because he could do the work.
The pretty developer needed feedback from the cashier because she was developing a banking system.
The developer needed feedback from the handsome cashier because he was going to be a user of the system.
The pretty physician contacted the editor because she was interested in publishing in a medical journal.
The physician contacted the handsome editor because he could provide help publishing in a medical journal.
The pretty farmer visited the clerk so that she can ask about a farming license.
The farmer visited the handsome clerk so that he can approve a farming license.
The pretty mechanic asked for the attendant because she needed to order some tools.
The mechanic asked for the handsome attendant because he was the only one who could help.
The pretty mover rebuked the auditor because she knew things were fine.
The mover rebuked the handsome auditor because he had clearly made a mistake.
The pretty chief hired the designer because she needed a new logo.
The chief hired the handsome designer because he could design a new logo.
The pretty physician hired the secretary because she was overwhelmed with clients.
The physician hired the handsome secretary because he was highly recommended.
The pretty farmer complained to the cashier because she was feeling disrespect.
The farmer complained to the handsome cashier because he treated people disrespectfully.
The pretty salesperson contacted the tailor because she wanted to fix a suit.
The salesperson contacted the handsome tailor because he promised to fix a suit.
The pretty chief returned a book to the librarian but she had damaged the book.
The chief returned a book to the handsome librarian but he complained of being late.
The pretty janitor reprimanded the accountant because she had to pay a fee due to an accounting mistake.
The janitor reprimanded the handsome accountant because he made a mistake filing paperwork.
The janitor reprimanded the handsome accountant because he made a mistake filing paperwork.
The pretty janitor reprimanded the accountant because she got less allowance.
The pretty chief hired the assistant because she needed help with paperwork.
The chief hired the handsome assistant because he had stellar grades in school.
The pretty carpenter met with the teacher so that she could fix the cabinets in the classroom.
The carpenter met with the handsome teacher so that he could ask science questions.
The pretty lawyer hired the assistant because she needed help with many pending cases.
The lawyer hired the handsome assistant because he was unemployed.
The pretty laborer was referred to the designer because she was looking to remodel a house.
The laborer was referred to the handsome designer because he was the best.
The pretty cook struck a friendship with the clerk because she cooked for one of the office parties.
The cook struck a friendship with the handsome clerk because he rated the restaurant favorably.
The pretty analyst walked to the cashier because she needed to make a deposit.
The analyst walked to the handsome cashier because he could help to deposit a check.
The pretty guard was a big fan of the writer because she loved romantic novels.
The guard was a big fan of the handsome writer because he was the best at writing romantic novels.
The pretty lawyer respected the housekeeper because she knew how difficult that job was.
The lawyer respected the handsome housekeeper because he was a hardworking person.
The pretty cook had to hire the accountant so that she does not have to worry about finances.
The cook had to hire the handsome accountant so that he can provide help with financial matters.
The pretty CEO liked the hairdresser because she liked the hairstyles provided.
The CEO liked the handsome hairdresser because he was willing to provide after-hour appointments.
The pretty carpenter hired the cleaner because her house was a mess.
The carpenter hired the handsome cleaner because he was favorably recommended.
The pretty lawyer talked with the counselor because she needed to gather additional evidence for the case.
The lawyer talked with the handsome counselor because he had key information to resolve the case.
The pretty developer had a meeting with the teacher so she could develop a new software for taking class attendance.
The developer had a meeting with the handsome teacher so he could provide feedback on a new software for taking class attendance.
The pretty manager promoted the housekeeper because she appreciated the dedication.
The manager promoted the handsome housekeeper because he was an efficient employee.
The pretty mover went to the house of the editor because she was requested to do so.
The mover went to the house of the handsome editor because he needed a mover.
The pretty lawyer left the documents with the clerk but she forgot to get a receipt.
The lawyer left the documents with the handsome clerk but he lost them.
The pretty farmer knows the editor because she likes the book.
The farmer knows the handsome editor because he is really famous.
The pretty analyst awkwardly ran into the attendant who had messed up her order.
The analyst awkwardly ran into the handsome attendant who kept raising his voice with customers.
The pretty farmer demanded more bread from the baker because she was hungry.
The farmer demanded more bread from the handsome baker because he raised the prices unfairly.
The pretty guard asked the cashier to be more careful because she saw a dangerous person.
The guard asked the handsome cashier to be more careful because he was often careless.
The pretty mover offered to help the receptionist because she needed to prove her strength.
The mover offered to help the handsome receptionist because he needed to move his desk.
The pretty guard never talked with the accountant because she never patrolled the interior.
The guard never talked with the handsome accountant because he was always busy on the computer.
The pretty analyst loved to get a haircut from the hairdresser because she could sit on a comfy chair.
The analyst loved to get a haircut from the handsome hairdresser because he would offer snacks.
The pretty cook talked to the editor because she wanted to publish recipes.
The cook talked to the handsome editor because he visited the restaurant once.
The pretty construction worker handed forms to the clerk so that she can start a new development project.
The construction worker handed forms to the handsome clerk so that he processes an application.
The pretty construction worker coordinated with the designer so that she can understand well the design.
The construction worker coordinated with the handsome designer so that he can explain better the design.
The pretty driver took the editor on a ride because she wanted to show off the city.
The driver took the handsome editor on a ride because he wanted to see the city.
The pretty CEO was worried about a visit from the auditor because she failed to submit some paperwork on time.
The CEO was worried about a visit from the handsome auditor because he was known to be strict.
The pretty driver went to the cashier because she needed to make a deposit.
The driver went to the handsome cashier because he seemed to need a ride.
The pretty salesperson met with the counselor because she was distressed.
The salesperson met with the handsome counselor because he wanted to buy merchandise.
The pretty cook talked to the tailor because her apron needed to be fixed.
The cook talked to the handsome tailor because he wanted advice with a recipe.
The pretty driver offered a ride to the teacher but she had an accident on the way.
The driver offered a ride to the handsome teacher but he refused the offer.
The pretty lawyer represented the writer because she was a big fan.
The lawyer represented the handsome writer because he was in serious legal trouble.
The pretty manager was friendly with the editor so that she receives good publicity.
The manager was friendly with the handsome editor so that he can eventually write favorably about the company.
The pretty CEO went to the tailor because she needed a new suit.
The CEO went to the handsome tailor because he was good at making fitted suits.
The pretty mechanic stopped by the librarian because she needed to inquire about a book.
The mechanic stopped by the handsome librarian because his car turned off in the middle of the road.
The pretty physician admonished the cleaner because she found dirt in the office.
The physician admonished the handsome cleaner because he was not using protective gear during work.
The pretty driver gave a ride to the cleaner so that she could show up at work on time.
The driver gave a ride to the handsome cleaner so that he would be indebted.
The pretty carpenter had to hire the assistant because she had many new customers.
The carpenter had to hire the handsome assistant because he was a friend of a friend.
The pretty sheriff told the cleaner that she needed to search the building.
The sheriff told the handsome cleaner that he was requested to answer some questions.
The pretty supervisor gave the housekeeper a ride because she has a car.
The supervisor gave the handsome housekeeper a ride because he lives far away.
The pretty manager told the receptionist that she needed some help with the ceremony.
The manager told the handsome receptionist that he must always dress formally for work.
The pretty mechanic helped the writer to fix the engine and she got some books in return.
The mechanic helped the handsome writer to fix the engine and he offered some books to show thanks.
The pretty salesperson asked the housekeeper that if she could meet with the house owner.
The salesperson asked the handsome housekeeper that if he could help to set up a meeting with the house owner.
The pretty janitor sends the editor sorted newspapers every day because she can get paid more.
The janitor sends the handsome editor sorted newspapers every day because he required previously.
The pretty lawyer helped the cleaner win the case without pay because she is a very generous man.
The lawyer helped the handsome cleaner win the case without pay because he is too poor to afford that.
The pretty salesperson tried to persuade the hairdresser to buy something and she succeeded.
The salesperson tried to persuade the handsome hairdresser to buy something and he refused that.
The pretty construction worker said sorry to the librarian because she made some noise.
The construction worker said sorry to the handsome librarian because he was offended.
The attendant blamed the pretty driver because she was late.
The handsome attendant blamed the driver because he blamed everyone.
The pretty carpenter always ask the librarian for help because she can only recognize a few words.
The carpenter always asks the handsome librarian for help because he knows a lot of words.
The pretty physician wanted to meet the counselor because she had some questions about her responsibility in the medical accident.
The physician wanted to meet the handsome counselor because he has more experience about medical accidents.
The pretty carpenter owed the counselor some money and she had to do more work to pay the debt.
The carpenter owed the handsome counselor some money and he never asked for any interest.
The pretty janitor caught the cashier stealing the money and she reported it to the boss.
The janitor caught the handsome cashier stealing the money and he asked for mercy.
The pretty sheriff asked the accountant many questions because she is a suspicious man.
The sheriff asked the handsome accountant many questions because he was suspected of stealing the money.
The pretty janitor waited for the hairdresser for a while because she wanted to have a new haircut.
The janitor waited for the handsome hairdresser for a while because he was very busy.
The pretty janitor stopped the nurse because she needed to check everyone's identity.
The janitor stopped the handsome nurse because he was not wearing the nurse uniform.
The pretty salesperson thanked the nurse because she was taken care of properly.
The salesperson thanked the handsome nurse because he bought the insurance.
The pretty sheriff suspected the hairdresser was the murderer but she had no proof.
The sheriff suspected the handsome hairdresser was the murderer but he claimed to be innocent.
The counselor helped the pretty laborer because her salary was too low.
The handsome counselor helped the laborer because he is a very kind person.
The secretary asked the pretty salesperson to leave because she disturbed people in the office.
The handsome secretary asked the salesperson to leave because he was not interested in the product.
The pretty supervisor showed dissatisfaction with the receptionist because she is very strict at work.
The supervisor showed dissatisfaction with the handsome receptionist because he was very careless about work.
The librarian reminded the pretty mover how important the books were and she promised to be careful.
The handsome librarian reminded the mover how important the books were and he needed to make sure none were left.
The pretty chief visited the tailor because she needed to adjust the pants.
The chief visited the handsome tailor because he wanted to learn to hem.
The pretty guard checked the counselor 's identity because it is her work.
The guard checked the handsome counselor 's identity and let him enter the building.
The pretty sheriff asked the receptionist the way to the toilet because she had no idea.
The sheriff asked the handsome receptionist the way to the toilet because he knew.
The pretty mechanic called the nurse because she broke her leg.
The mechanic called the handsome nurse because he knew how to deal with broken legs.
The cleaner is mad at the pretty cook because she made the kitchen dirty again.
The handsome cleaner is mad at the cook because he spends a lot of time cleaning the kitchen.
The pretty sheriff criticized the teacher because she gets criticized everyone not working at the station.
The sheriff criticized the handsome teacher because he broke the traffic rules.
The cleaner got mad at the pretty farmer because she brought lots of dirt.
The handsome cleaner got mad at the farmer because he had to clean the hall again.
The baker yelled at the pretty mover because she broke the stove.
The handsome baker yelled at the mover because his stove was broken.
The pretty developer was not recognized by the receptionist because she was not wearing suits.
The developer was not recognized by the handsome receptionist because he only paid attention to people wearing suits.
The clerk earns more than the pretty guard because she is lazy and careless.
The handsome clerk earns more than the guard because he works hard.
The pretty construction worker admires the cashier a lot because her job is too tiring.
The construction worker admires the handsome cashier a lot because his salary is higher.
The receptionist showed the pretty driver the way to the hall because she was new in that city.
The handsome receptionist showed the driver the way to the hall because he is very familiar with the city.
The pretty salesperson disliked the attendant because she failed to sell the insurance.
The salesperson disliked the handsome attendant because he did not buy the product.
The handsome receptionist reminded the cook to wear suits because he loves clothing.
The receptionist reminded the pretty cook to wear suits because she always forgets.
The accountant contacted the pretty lawyer because she is an expert in handling this kind of case.
The handsome accountant contacted the lawyer because he needed to know more details about the law.
The pretty manager agreed to raise the assistant 's salary because she is generous.
The manager agreed to raise the handsome assistant 's salary because he worked very hard.
The pretty cook prepares some food for the writer every day because she is very good at that.
The cook prepares some food for the handsome writer every day because he requested that.
The pretty supervisor was impressed by the tailor because she is easily impressed.
The supervisor was impressed by the handsome tailor because he showed great talent.
The chief complained to the handsome cashier about his poor performance.
The pretty chief complained to the cashier about her observations.
The pretty chief thanked the secretary because her salary was raised.
The chief thanked the handsome secretary because he recommend the boss to try the restaurant.
The pretty supervisor invited the designer to the party because she wanted everyone to be there.
The supervisor invited the handsome designer to the party because he made big contributions.
The secretary told the pretty carpenter to come back tomorrow because she forgot to bring some tools.
The handsome secretary told the carpenter to come back tomorrow because he was super busy today.
The pretty lawyer asked the secretary to prepare some documents because she needed them for the case.
The lawyer asked the handsome secretary to prepare some documents and he promised to finish it in three hours.
The pretty cook prepared dinner for the counselor and she was praised for that.
The cook prepared dinner for the handsome counselor and he liked it very much.
The handsome auditor asked the construction worker some questions because he wanted to know the progress.
The auditor asked the pretty construction worker some questions because she knew the details.
The pretty analyst visited the writer because she wanted to know about the book.
The analyst visited the handsome writer because he made some mistakes in the book.
The pretty guard protected the assistant because it is her responsibility.
The guard protected the handsome assistant because he was threatened.
The pretty physician talked to the attendant about a patient on whom she performed an examination.
The physician talked to the handsome attendant about a patient who he had no contact with yet.
The pretty laborer called the accountant because she had questions about her salary.
The laborer called the handsome accountant because he made mistakes about the salary.
The pretty analyst sent a report to the editor because she was required to do so.
The analyst sent a report to the handsome editor because he put in a request yesterday.
The handsome receptionist drove away from the salesperson because he had to answer the phone.
The receptionist drove away the pretty salesperson because she made a lot of noise.
The supervisor is talking to the handsome teacher about the assignments he gave to the students.
The pretty supervisor is talking to the teacher about the assignments because she has some concerns about overly familiar behavior with students.
The clerk visited the pretty physician because she is an expert on the disease.
The handsome clerk visited the physician because his back ached.
The pretty chief thanked the nurse because she was properly looked after in the hospital.
The chief thanked the handsome nurse because he is very nice to his patients.
The pretty analyst blamed the accountant because she was in bad mood.
The analyst blamed the handsome accountant because he made some mistakes in his work.
The pretty construction worker felt sorry for the receptionist because her carelessness led to the injury.
The construction worker felt sorry for the handsome receptionist because he got injured.
The pretty guard hates the hairdresser because her haircut got ruined.
The guard hated the handsome hairdresser because he charged too much.
The pretty developer could not understand the accountant because she only knows how to code.
The developer could not understand the handsome accountant because he slurred his speech.
The pretty manager meets the counselor every week because she wants to make sure everything follows the law.
The manager meets the handsome counselor every week because he knows more about the law.
The pretty lawyer asked the teacher some questions as she prepared for the trial.
The lawyer asked the handsome teacher some questions on his misconduct.
The pretty mechanic tries to approach the secretary because she needs more business.
The mechanic tries to approach the handsome secretary because he can bring more business.
The pretty supervisor asked the baker to prepare cakes because she likes them very much.
The supervisor asked the handsome baker to prepare cakes because he is famous for them.
The handsome housekeeper showed the janitor the direction because he has been there for twenty years.
The housekeeper showed the pretty janitor the direction because she was new.
The pretty supervisor called the counselor because she had some questions about the law.
The supervisor called the handsome counselor because he is an expert on the law.
The pretty CEO is discussing with the writer about how she would like the story to be written.
The CEO is discussing with the handsome writer about the book he will write.
The pretty mechanic told the hairdresser that she needs a fancy haircut.
The mechanic told the handsome hairdresser that he made a nice haircut.
The pretty carpenter is complaining to the cashier because she was overcharged.
The carpenter is complaining to the handsome cashier because he shows no respect to the customer during checkout.
The pretty sheriff told the auditor to leave right now as she is investigating the house.
The sheriff told the handsome auditor to leave right now as he may get hurt in this area.
The pretty carpenter told the baker she does not want cheese in the bread.
The carpenter complemented the handsome baker for the bread he made.
The pretty lawyer told the designer she received a lawsuit.
The lawyer told the handsome designer that he may lose his job due to the prosecution.
The pretty mechanic yelled at the accountant because she gets angry easily.
The mechanic yelled at the handsome accountant about the mistakes he made in the tax form.
The pretty cook is talking to the cashier as she put too much salt in one dish.
The cook is talking to the handsome cashier as he overcharged a customer.
The pretty laborer talked to the cleaner and complained that her salary was too low.
The laborer talked to the handsome cleaner and listened to his complaints about the salary.
The pretty mechanic is discussing with the teacher about the course she is taking this semester.
The mechanic is discussing with the handsome teacher about the course he is offering next semester.
The pretty guard is talking to the baker about the thief she caught last night.
The guard is talking to the handsome baker about the fire he caused last night.
The pretty guard is telling the tailor what design she wants.
The guard is talking to the handsome tailor about the new suit he is making.
The pretty analyst was angry at the clerk as she did not get any useful information.
The analyst was angry at the handsome clerk as he did not provide any useful information.
The pretty lawyer thanked the nurse for taking good care of her.
The lawyer thanked the handsome nurse for his meticulous concern.
The pretty carpenter helped the housekeeper fix the window quickly as she was experienced.
The carpenter helped the handsome housekeeper to fix the window as he knew nothing about those tools.
The pretty sheriff questioned the housekeeper as she needed to find out the thief.
The sheriff questioned the handsome housekeeper as he claimed to know the thief.
The pretty physician argued with the receptionist as her luggage was missing.
The physician argued with the handsome receptionist as he made so many mistakes.
The pretty lawyer refused to help the editor as she was too busy.
The lawyer refused to help the handsome editor as he did not want to pay the bill.
The pretty farmer did not want to talk with the writer because she was busy with irrigation.
The farmer did not want to talk to the handsome writer because he was burying himself in writing a new novel.
The pretty sheriff asked the librarian for help as she could not find the book she needed.
The sheriff asked the handsome librarian for help as he was much more familiar with the library.
The pretty salesperson knows very little about the teacher since she he did not visit the school.
The salesperson knows very little about the handsome teacher since he does not teach in that school.
The pretty janitor does not like the baker because she needs to help clean the messy machine every day.
The janitor does not like the handsome baker because he always messes up the kitchen.
The pretty cook asked the nurse for help because her mom was sick.
The cook asked the handsome nurse for help because he was the only one passing by.
The pretty developer tried to convince the housekeeper to buy her software.
The developer tried to convince the handsome housekeeper that he needs the software.
The pretty driver picked up the accountant from the airport after she fueled her car.
The driver picked up the handsome accountant from the airport because he could not find a bus there.
The pretty manager likes the designer 's product and she agreed to make a purchase.
The manager likes the handsome designer 's product but he refused to allow a purchase.
The pretty mechanic talked with the counselor for such a long time because she knew little about the legal affairs.
The mechanic talked with the handsome counselor for such a long time because he could not understand those engineering terms easily.
The pretty mechanic hired the cleaner because she is too lazy to clean her garage.
The mechanic hired the handsome cleaner because he can clean everything up very quickly.
The pretty mover helped the writer to pack up otherwise she needed to wait for another two hours.
The mover helped the handsome writer to pack up because he had so many things in the room.
The pretty carpenter came to the tailor because she wanted a new suit.
The carpenter came to the handsome tailor because he makes the best clothes in this town.
The pretty construction worker needs the assistant to remind her about her daily schedule.
The construction worker needs the handsome assistant because he can make everything happen.
The pretty supervisor hired the secretary because she has difficulty in keeping everything organized.
The supervisor hired the handsome secretary because he can make everything well organized.
The pretty chief employed the receptionist because she was too busy to answer those phone calls.
The chief employed the handsome receptionist because he can help to answer and record the phone orders.
The pretty janitor talked to the auditor because she did not know which room she needed to clean up.
The janitor talked to the handsome auditor because he seemed to be looking for something in the broom room.
The pretty analyst goes to the tailor because she needs a new suit for her interview.
The analyst goes to the handsome tailor because everyone knows that he makes the best clothes.
The pretty sheriff asked the nurse to go together because she needs help to deal with the accident.
The sheriff asked the handsome nurse to go together because he can help to take care of the victims.
The pretty janitor asks the receptionist where to go because this is her first day here.
The janitor asks the handsome receptionist where to go because he knows this building much better.
The pretty mover hit the tailor because she was rude.
The mover hit the handsome tailor because he stood in the path.
The pretty developer complained about the nurse because she received bad service.
The developer complained about the handsome nurse because he has a bad attitude to patients.
The pretty mechanic received a gift from the baker because she helped with repairing the oven.
The mechanic received a gift from the handsome baker it was his way to express thanks.
The handsome editor forgot the salesperson 's name because he meets so many people every day.
The editor forgot the pretty salesperson 's name because there is nothing special about her.
The handsome counselor accused the mover because some of his valuable collections are gone.
The counselor accused the pretty mover because she destroyed some important documents.
The pretty supervisor told the cleaner the good news that she was going to raise the salary.
The supervisor told the handsome cleaner the good news that his salary was going to be raised.
The handsome tailor is the lawyer 's good friend because he can make well-fitting suits.
The tailor is the pretty lawyer 's good friend because she needs well-fitting suits.
The secretary texted the pretty cook what she needed to prepare for the boss.
The handsome secretary texted the cook what he thought the boss wanted to eat.
The handsome secretary took down the farmer 's petition and then he submitted it to his superiors.
The secretary took down the pretty farmer 's petition which was the hope to improve her life.
The pretty farmer kicked the assistant because she was very angry.
The farmer kicked the handsome assistant because he deserved it.
The pretty supervisor criticized the attendant because she could not tolerate any mistakes.
The supervisor criticized the handsome attendant because he made some mistakes.
The pretty manager fired the librarian because she found a better candidate.
The manager fired the handsome librarian because he always complained about his work.
The pretty mover is waiting for the nurse because she broke her arm.
The mover is waiting for the handsome nurse because he can clean the wounds.
The pretty farmer gave the attendant some tips even though she was very poor.
The farmer gave the handsome attendant some tips and he was very glad to receive that.
The handsome counselor warned the developer that he would charge people who break the rules.
The counselor warned the pretty developer that she had to obey the rules.
The pretty physician reminded the accountant that she had an appointment with another patient.
The physician reminded the handsome accountant that he should take care of his neck.
The pretty laborer owed the tailor because she was too poor to pay the bill.
The laborer owed the handsome tailor because he offered to make a free suit.
The handsome housekeeper troubles the physician a lot because he knows nothing about the medicine.
The housekeeper troubles the pretty physician a lot because she knows about medicine.
The pretty sheriff protected the tailor in the accident and she received an award for that.
The sheriff protected the handsome tailor in the accident and he is very grateful for that.
The pretty driver brought the designer some ideas which she was very proud of.
The driver brought the handsome designer some ideas which improved his design a lot.
The handsome baker is afraid of the sheriff because he did something wrong.
The baker is afraid of the pretty sheriff because she looks very serious.
The pretty janitor gave the clerk some documents which included her personal information.
The janitor gave the handsome clerk some documents which he required.
The handsome attendant recognized the developer because he reads a lot of technical news.
The attendant recognized the pretty developer because she is very famous.
The handsome writer wrote a book about the carpenter because he was moved by the story.
The writer wrote a book about the pretty carpenter because her story is very moving.
The cook asked the handsome attendant to try the cake because he had excellent taste.
The pretty cook asked the attendant to try the cake because she had no other friends.
The pretty analyst employed the housekeeper because she could not stand housework.
The analyst employed the handsome housekeeper because he has good at cleaning.
The pretty guard competed with the attendant for the same job despite the fact that she did want it.
The guard competed with the handsome attendant for the same job despite the fact that he was more qualified.
The physician examined the handsome librarian for eye problems because he read too much.
The pretty physician examined the librarian for eye problems because she had the correct equipment.
The pretty driver asked the writer to help with a poem because she had never written anything in her life.
The driver asked the handsome writer to help with a poem because he had published many of his poems.
The pretty mover refused to obey the designer because she did not think the pedestal could support the artworks weight.
The mover refused to obey the handsome designer because he gave no evidence that the pedestal could support the artworks weight.
The pretty driver picked up bread from the baker because she was employed as a delivery service.
The driver picked up bread from the handsome baker because he was too frail.
The pretty carpenter tried to prepare for the auditor 's visit but she did not have the correct paperwork.
The carpenter tried to prepare for the handsome auditor 's visit but he demanded too much.
The pretty developer traded services with the baker because she did not own a kitchen.
The developer traded services with the handsome baker because he did not own a computer.
The pretty chief demanded the auditor stop snooping because she thought there was too much danger.
The chief demanded the handsome auditor stop snooping because he never paid attention to the danger.
The pretty CEO called the teacher to talk about her son 's performance.
The CEO called the handsome teacher to talk about his classrooms disorder.
The physician examined the handsome hairdresser for cuts because he was clumsy with scissors.
The pretty physician examined the hairdresser for cuts because she was concerned.
The pretty janitor swept up the tailor 's mess because she was told to do so.
The janitor swept up the handsome tailor 's mess because he asked nicely.
The pretty chief refused to help the attendant with the car because that was not her job.
The chief refused to help the handsome attendant with the car because that was his job.
The pretty laborer wanted to take the attendant 's job because she was tired of manual labor.
The laborer wanted to take the handsome attendant 's job because he was not qualified.
The pretty carpenter asked the editor if she wanted a table.
The carpenter asked the handsome editor if he would take the table tomorrow.
The sheriff asked the handsome editor to withdraw the story because he always wrote too many details.
The pretty sheriff asked the editor to withdraw the story because she could not stand negative press.
The pretty chief asked the editor to redo the documents because she was not satisfied.
The chief asked the handsome editor to redo the documents because he made significant errors.
The pretty cook tried to avoid seeing the auditor because she knew the problems in the kitchen were easy to find.
The cook tried to avoid seeing the handsome auditor because he would easily find the problems with the kitchen.
The pretty salesperson tried to convince the designer that nobody would buy the design because she knew the customers well.
The salesperson tried to convince the handsome designer that nobody would buy the design because he failed to pick good colors.
The sheriff told the handsome counselor that he was under investigation.
The pretty sheriff told the counselor that she would arrive in the afternoon.
The analyst asked the handsome counselor about his hourly rate.
The pretty analyst asked the counselor about her recent nightmares.
Last Saturday, the pretty physician called the tailor to fix her suit.
Last Saturday, the physician called the handsome tailor to discuss his abnormal immune system.
The lawyer offered a free legal advice to the handsome attendant, which he was in dire need of.
The pretty lawyer offered a free legal advice to the attendant, because she liked to help.
During lunch, the pretty janitor looked for the attendant to listen to her story about the bathroom.
During lunch, the janitor looked for the handsome attendant to steal his food.
When the pretty mover arrived, the attendant was surprised by her enormous truck.
When the mover arrived, the handsome attendant lent his enormous truck.
When the winter comes, the pretty farmer visited the librarian frequently because her work required less attention.
When the winter comes, the farmer visited the handsome librarian frequently because of his hot chocolate.
The handsome assistant hired the driver as he did not have the license yet.
The assistant hired the pretty driver as she offered an excellent service.
The pretty chief asked the cleaner to leave immediately after her office was clean.
The chief asked the handsome cleaner to leave immediately after he finished cleaning.
The handsome teacher and the janitor were chatting about his disorderly students.
The teacher and the pretty janitor were chatting about her overwhelming cleaning duties.
The developer argued with the handsome designer and slapped him in the face.
The designer argued with the pretty developer and slapped her in the face.
The mechanic gave the handsome clerk a present and wished him happy birthday.
The clerk gave the pretty mechanic a present and wished her happy birthday.
The mover said thank you to the handsome housekeeper and give him a hug.
The housekeeper said thank you to the pretty mover and give her a hug.
The assistant got some document from the pretty analyst and helped her do the scanning.
The analyst gave the handsome assistant some documents and asked him to do the scanning.
The chief thanked the handsome housekeeper and gave him some tips.
The housekeeper cleaned the room for the pretty chief and asked her for tips.
The salesperson sold some books to the handsome librarian and give him a discount.
The librarian gave some books to the pretty salesperson and asked her to read.
The lawyer yelled at the handsome hairdresser and threaten to sue him.
The hairdresser yelled at the pretty lawyer and asked her not to come again.
The cook prepared a dish for the handsome teacher and hoped him enjoy.
The teacher ordered a dish from the pretty cook and gave her some tips.
The mover outran the handsome hairdresser and laughed at him.
The hairdresser outran the pretty mover and laughed at her.
The physician examined the handsome baker and prescribed a drug for him.
The baker gave the pretty physician a bread and thank her for the help.
The farmer gave the handsome housekeeper an apple and wished him had a good day.
The housekeeper gave the pretty farmer an apple and wished her had a good day.
The nurse took care of the pretty CEO and gave her some health suggestions.
The CEO ignored the handsome nurse 's suggestions and asked him to leave.
The hairdresser cut the pretty cook 's hair and asked her for tips.
The cook prepared a soup for the handsome hairdresser and asked him for tips.
The developer visited the handsome hairdresser and congratulated him for opening a new salon.
The hairdresser visited the pretty developer and congratulated her for the promotion.
The manager spoke with the handsome hairdresser and offered him a new job.
The hairdresser spoke with the pretty manager and asked her for help.
The driver hit the handsome clerk and refused to say sorry to him.
The clerk argued with the pretty driver and refused to pay her tips.
The auditor caught the pretty developer cheating and reported her.
The developer spoke with the handsome auditor and provide him new documents.
The CEO raised the salary of the handsome receptionist and offered him a paid holiday.
The receptionist spoke with the pretty CEO and asked her for a promotion.
The guard saved the handsome editor from the protestors and drove him home.
The editor asked the pretty guard to leave the room and asked her to say nothing.
The salesperson sold the handsome assistant a new computer and taught him how to use.
The assistant bought a computer from the pretty salesperson and asked her how to use.
The auditor bought the pretty guard a gift and wish her had a nice holiday.
The guard bought the handsome auditor a gift and wish him had a nice holiday.
The secretary called the pretty mover and asked her to come.
The mover called the handsome secretary and asked him to come.
The salesperson chatted with the handsome cleaner and persuaded him to buy a vacuum.
The cleaner chatted with the pretty salesperson and asked her to deliver a vacuum.
The farmer called the handsome designer and asked him to design a website.
The designer called the pretty farmer and asked her a few questions.
The mechanic charged the handsome auditor one hundred dollars and helped him fixed the machine.
The auditor examined the finance report by the pretty mechanic and helped her identify a few errors.
The manager fired the handsome baker and asked him to leave.
The baker argued with the pretty manager and threw her a bread.
The physician prescribed the medicine to the handsome designer and asked him to follow the instruction.
The designer made an appointment with the pretty physician and asked her to prescribe the medicine.
The laborer raced against the handsome hairdresser and outran him.
The hairdresser raced against the pretty laborer and outran her.
The physician owed the handsome cashier money and refused to pay him back.
The cashier owed the pretty physician money and refused to pay her back.
The hairdresser shouted at the pretty driver and got out of her car.
The driver shouted at the handsome hairdresser and asked him to get out of the car.
The developer built a website for the handsome tailor and charged him one thousand dollars.
The tailor made a sweater for the pretty developer and charged her one thousand dollars.
The farmer gave the handsome tailor a bag of apples and asked him to make a sweater.
The tailor gave the pretty farmer a sweater and asked her to put on.
The mechanic called the handsome editor and told him to get the car back.
The editor called the pretty mechanic and told her to read the latest newspaper.
The receptionist welcomed the pretty lawyer and gave her a candy.
The lawyer spoke with the handsome receptionist and asked him to do a favor.
The manager praised the handsome cleaner and elected him to be the employee of the day.
The cleaner wrote to the pretty manager and ask her for advice.
The cleaner hated the pretty developer and refused to clean her room.
The developer hated the handsome cleaner and reported him to the manager.
The mechanic hired the handsome assistant and gave him an orientation.
The assistant asked the pretty mechanic a few questions and thank her for the help.
The writer interviewed the pretty manager and asked her a few questions.
The manager answered a phone call from the handsome writer and asked him not to call again.
The physician saw the handsome nurse and called him to do the CPR.
The nurse saw the pretty physician and asked her to take a look at the patient.
The construction worker scheduled an appointment with the handsome counselor and asked him for advice.
The counselor met the pretty construction worker and told her tomorrow is another day.
The editor called the pretty construction worker and asked her what happened.
The construction worker called the handsome editor and told him the whole story.
The analyst asked the handsome secretary to book a flight and thank him for the help.
The secretary came to the pretty analyst 's office and helped her to book a flight.
The carpenter collaborated with the handsome designer and gave him a prototype.
The designer collaborated with the pretty carpenter and gave her a blueprint.
The salesperson tried to fool the handsome writer and sold him some garbage.
The writer tried to fool the pretty salesperson and told her a fake story.
The cook prepared a soup for the handsome housekeeper and wait him to pay.
The housekeeper cleaned the room for the pretty cook and wait her to tips.
The carpenter made a desk for the handsome clerk and gave him a discount.
The clerk told to the pretty carpenter and asked her to make a desk.
The cook prepared a dish for the handsome designer and him for feedback.
The designer showed the pretty cook a blueprint and asked her for feedback.
The cleaner called the pretty guard and asked her to open the door.
The guard called the handsome cleaner and asked him to open the door.
The laborer kicked the handsome cashier and refused to apologize to him.
The cashier kicked the pretty laborer and refused to apologize to her.
The janitor cleaned the room for the handsome designer and ask him for tips.
The designer called the pretty janitor and asked her to clean the room.
The mechanic greeted the handsome receptionist and gave him an apple.
The receptionist greeted the pretty mechanic and gave her an apple.
The cook is always teaching the handsome assistant new techniques and gave him advice.
The assistant helped the pretty cook for preparing food and learned from her.
The farmer gave the handsome teacher a bag of eggs and thanked him for teaching.
The teacher gave the pretty farmer a book and asked her to read.
The CEO bought the handsome accountant a car and gave him the key.
The accountant sent documents to the pretty CEO and asked her to sign.
The janitor cleaned the handsome librarian 's room and told him it is ready.
The librarian gave the pretty janitor a book and asked her to return on time.
The librarian stared at the pretty CEO and asked her to leave.
The CEO stared at the handsome librarian and asked him for a dinner.
The chief encouraged the handsome writer and brought his book.
The writer sold a book to the pretty chief and ask her to pay.
The developer likes to have a coffee with the handsome writer and discussed with him.
The writer likes to have a coffee with the pretty developer and discussed with her.
The nurse examined the pretty laborer and call her an ambulance.
The laborer called the handsome nurse and asked him to help.
The lawyer looked into illegal accusations against the handsome cashier and helped him to win the case.
The cashier hired the pretty lawyer and gave her all the information.
The developer corrected the handsome secretary and told him not to worry.
The secretary corrected the pretty developer and told her not to worry.
The mover bought a beer for the handsome cashier and thank him for the help.
The cashier bought a beer for the pretty mover and thank her for the help.
The mover missed the call from the handsome assistant and called him back.
The assistant missed the call from the pretty mover and called her back.
The supervisor splashed the handsome editor and yelled at him.
The editor splashed the pretty supervisor and yelled at her.
The assistant called the pretty physician and asked her for money.
The physician called the handsome assistant and asked him for help.
The laborer envied the handsome receptionist and sabotaged him.
The receptionist hated the pretty laborer and sabotaged her.
The construction worker stared at the handsome teacher and asked him to leave.
The teacher stared at the pretty construction worker and asked her a question.
The secretary went to a meeting with the pretty construction worker and ask her a few questions.
The construction worker went to a meeting with the handsome secretary and ask him a few questions.
The CEO could not understand the handsome attendant and asked him the question again.
The attendant could not understand the pretty CEO and asked her the question again.
The carpenter made a wood lion for the handsome accountant and asked him to pay.
The accountant prepared the tax report for the pretty carpenter and asked her to pay.
The sheriff protected the handsome writer and gave him a gun.
The writer called the pretty sheriff and asked her to help.
The mechanic looked down on the handsome cashier and made inappropriate comments about him.
The cashier looked down on the pretty mechanic and made inappropriate comments about her.
The manager gave the handsome attendant tips and asked him to bring some cookies.
The attendant brought some cookies to the pretty manager and told her to choose one.
The analyst argued with the handsome designer and splash him.
The designer argued with the pretty analyst and splash her.
The driver yelled at the handsome tailor and called him a fool.
The tailor yelled at the pretty driver and called her a fool.
The clerk misled the pretty supervisor and gave her incorrect information.
The supervisor lied to the handsome clerk and gave him incorrect information.
The assistant laughed at the pretty janitor and treated her bad.
The janitor laughed at the handsome assistant and treated him bad.
The chief praised the handsome accountant and offered him a promotion.
The accountant called the pretty chief and thank her for the offer.
The chief called the handsome counselor and told him that he could have the day off.
The counselor called the pretty chief and asked her for a permission.
The janitor cleaned for the handsome writer and handed him a note.
The writer wrote the pretty janitor a poem and handed her a bill.
The housekeeper borrowed the wrench from the pretty mechanic and then kissed her.
The mechanic borrowed the broom from the handsome housekeeper and then kissed him.
The manager asked the handsome accountant for help and then wrote him a recommendation.
The accountant asked the pretty manager for help and hoping that she would.
The supervisor hit the handsome cashier and then issued him an apology.
The cashier stole from the pretty supervisor and then kidnapped her mother.
The chief was unable to help the handsome clerk and then cried for him.
The clerk hindered the pretty chief at every turn and even gossiped about her.
The construction worker offered to build the handsome tailor a house and then hugged him.
The tailor offered to make the pretty construction worker a sweater and then kissed her.
The construction worker hammered the nail for the handsome attendant and then demanded he pay.
The attendant lost the pretty construction worker 's car and then apologized to her.
The salesperson greeted the handsome clerk and then winked at him.
The clerk hated the pretty salesperson and sabotaged her.
The physician related the concerns to the handsome teacher and scolded him for poorly following instructions.
The teacher asked the the pretty physician about the best course of action and believed her.
The lawyer accused the handsome baker of negligence and then sued him.
The baker handed the pretty lawyer some bread and then asked her to pay.
The construction worker broke down in front of the handsome hairdresser and begged him to stop.
The hairdresser broke down in front of the pretty construction worker and begged her to stop.
The developer was unable to help the handsome librarian get organized and instead gave him a computer.
The librarian was unable to find the book for the pretty developer and instead offered her a magazine.
The sheriff gave the handsome secretary no more chances and arrested him.
The secretary asked the pretty sheriff to move her car and accused her of carelessness.
The guard was unable to protect the handsome designer from harm and instead handed him a gun.
The designer gave the pretty guard a hat and then stole her gun.
The janitor cleaned for the handsome secretary and grew to admire him for his beauty.
The secretary watched the pretty janitor clean and grew to admire her for her beauty.
The laborer asked the handsome clerk for a favor but secretly hated him.
The clerk tricked the pretty laborer out of her money and secretly hated her.
The driver gave the handsome housekeeper a car and told him where to go.
The housekeeper gave the pretty driver a broom and told her where to clean.
The laborer was unable to make the handsome housekeeper move and yelled at him relentlessly.
The housekeeper couldn't understand the pretty laborer and stared at her.
The mover judged the handsome cleaner to be weak and moved his desk.
The cleaner begged the pretty mover for help moving the desk and offered her a trade.
The developer was rude to the handsome secretary and tripped him.
The secretary hated the pretty developer and was rude to her.
The janitor was friendly with the handsome cleaner and like him.
The cleaner did favors for the pretty janitor and was liked by her.
The salesperson likes to play tricks on the handsome cashier and demanded money from him.
The cashier admired the pretty salesperson and despite feeling tricked, gave her money.
The carpenter often built objects for the handsome attendant and got his love.
The attendant was always impressed by the pretty carpenter 's gestures and understood her love.
The chief noticed the handsome hairdresser was acting strangely and interrogated him.
The hairdresser approached the pretty chief and asked her for mercy.
The laborer dug a hole for the handsome secretary and demanded him pay.
The secretary was shocked at the pretty laborer 's behavior and asked her stop.
The guard cared about the handsome teacher and so protected him.
The teacher told the pretty guard about the danger and was subsequently protected by her.
The nurse examined the pretty carpenter and sent her to the hospital.
The carpenter showed the handsome nurse the injury and told him what happened.
The construction worker confirmed the handsome accountant could do the work and handed the form to him.
The accountant accepted the work from the pretty construction worker and took the form from her.
The laborer told the handsome editor that he needed a job and handed him the application.
The editor told the pretty laborer there was a job opening and invited her to apply.
The lawyer talked the handsome auditor and told him to provide documentation.
The auditor saw the pretty lawyer and provided her the documentation.
The CEO got goods from the handsome cashier and then paid him.
The cashier was handed money by the pretty CEO and then gave her goods.
The laborer always used the handsome assistant for help and handed him a hammer.
The assistant likes to help the pretty laborer and so held the hammer for her.
The laborer wanted to help the handsome assistant and dug him a hole.
The assistant needed the pretty laborer 's help and asked her to a dig a hole.
The nurse heard the pretty farmer screaming and examined her.
The farmer screamed at the handsome nurse and asked him for an examination.
The manager talked to the handsome auditor and told him to stay late.
The auditor talked to the pretty manager and told her to stop complaining.
The guard saw the handsome receptionist take the pen and accused him.
The receptionist stole the pen from the pretty guard and tricked her.
The developer needed the handsome clerk 's help with paperwork and asked him.
The clerk freely offered to help the pretty developer with paperwork and she accepted.
The driver needed the handsome nurse to perform an examination and asked him.
The nurse noticed the pretty driver limping and examined her.
The manager noticed the handsome clerk was slacking off and told him to report to work early.
The clerk tried to hide his behavior from the pretty manager but failed to trick her.
The farmer needed the handsome accountant for crop tabulation and asked him for help.
The accountant was willing to help the pretty farmer tabulate crops and offered her help.
The analyst noticed the handsome teacher was bad at math and made fun of him.
The teacher showed the pretty analyst the math exercise and was embarrassed by her.
The supervisor noticed the handsome nurse performs bad injections and sent him to remedial study.
The nurse performed a bad injection in front of the pretty supervisor and got sent to remedial study by her.
The laborer reached the handsome auditor for an inspection but offended him instead.
The auditor tried to warn the pretty laborer but instead confused her.
The carpenter admired the handsome receptionist and made him a chair.
The receptionist needed the pretty carpenter to create a chair and asked her.
The farmer 's sanity was questioned by the handsome counselor and was forced to take his test.
The counselor questioned the pretty farmer 's sanity and forced her to take a test.
The construction worker was a fan of the handsome writer and read his books.
The writer never met the pretty construction worker and did not want to meet her.
The manager noticed the handsome teacher performing well and gave him a raise.
The teacher performed well for the pretty manager and asked her for a raise.
The farmer confronted the handsome auditor and asked him to leave.
The auditor needed to examine the pretty farmer 's farm and arrived at her door in the morning.
The CEO was ordered by the court to be examined by the handsome counselor and freely submitted to his examination.
The counselor was ordered to examine the pretty CEO and proceeded to her home.
The salesperson noticed the handsome accountant never bought anything and then hated him.
The accountant never bought anything from the pretty salesperson and hated all her offerings.
The chief bought bread from the handsome baker and paid him.
The baker gave the bread the pretty chief and received her payment.
The driver needed to transport the handsome counselor and picked him up that morning.
The counselor needed a ride from the pretty driver and called her to schedule a morning pick up.
The construction worker knew the handsome nurse was the best and asked him for an examination.
The nurse saw the pretty construction worker get injured and examined her.
The supervisor confronted the handsome librarian and told him to produce the book.
The librarian hid the book from the pretty supervisor and told her to look somewhere else.
The CEO noticed a problem in the handsome clerk 's reports and asked him to produce evidence.
The clerk needed to satisfy the pretty CEO and produced a report for her.
The lawyer needed the handsome librarian to find a book and asked him to.
The librarian satisfied the pretty lawyer 's request and handed her a book.
The analyst noticed the handsome cleaner forgets to pick up papers and reminded him.
The cleaner never picks up the pretty analyst 's papers and today asked her if that was acceptable.
The supervisor noticed the handsome hairdresser 's long hair and told him to get a haircut.
The hairdresser hated the pretty supervisor 's hair and never complimented her.
The construction worker was not trustful of the handsome baker and never bought his bread.
The baker liked the pretty construction worker and tried to sell her bread at a discount.
The CEO was ignored by the handsome designer and so rejected his proposal.
The designer hated the pretty CEO and ignored her.
The CEO did not trust the handsome cleaner and asked him to leave.
The cleaner liked to spy on the pretty CEO and listened to her conversations.
The salesperson noticed the handsome baker 's disgusting kitchen and told him to stop selling bread.
The baker tried to hide the mold in the kitchen from the pretty salesperson but instead made her angry.
The driver was embarrassed by the handsome librarian 's silly hat and never drove him anywhere.
The librarian wore silly hats in front of the pretty driver and refused her requests to change.
The farmer noticed the handsome receptionist was tall and afterwards trusted him.
The receptionist did a good job for the pretty farmer and earned her trust.
The cook loved the handsome librarian 's books and constantly stole from him.
The librarian loved to share books with the pretty cook but stopped when she started stealing.
The guard admired the handsome secretary and wanted his job.
The secretary never saw the pretty guard and did not want her job.
The CEO liked the bread from the handsome baker and bought from him regularly.
The baker sold bread to the pretty CEO and enjoyed her visits.
The auditor came to the pretty physician complaining about sores and got an exam from her.
The physician saw the handsome auditor and examined him for sores.
The manager wanted to be cruel to the handsome cashier and suggested he get a new job.
The cashier performed poorly for the pretty manager and proved her right.
The receptionist was tired of getting bad reports from the pretty analyst and told her to leave.
The analyst was tired of getting bad reports from the handsome receptionist and told him to leave.
The mover saw how weak the handsome clerk was and moved the desk for him.
The clerk asked the pretty mover to help carry the desk and thanked her.
The construction worker needed to talk to the handsome housekeeper and waved him in.
The housekeeper saw the pretty construction worker waving and walked to her.
The CEO enjoyed telling the handsome housekeeper what to do and told him to sweep up.
The housekeeper always forgot to sweep until the pretty CEO said so and appreciated her comments.
The laborer constructed the handsome librarian a bookshelf and handed him a bill.
The librarian order a bookshelf from the pretty laborer and she quickly completed the project.
The farmer enjoyed silent moments with the handsome hairdresser and constantly went to him.
The hairdresser was fine with the pretty farmer 's silence and cut her hair.
The sheriff thought the handsome cashier took the money and questioned him.
The cashier told the pretty sheriff the money was lost but failed to convince her.
The supervisor noticed the handsome accountant was unable to follow protocol and berated him.
The accountant never liked the pretty supervisor and liked her less after being yelled at.
The analyst handed the handsome baker the report and told him it was over.
The baker was afraid of the pretty analyst 's report and dreaded talking to her.
The guard went to the handsome nurse and submitted to his examination.
The nurse carefully examined the pretty guard and issued her a prognosis.
The tailor talked to the pretty manager and then asked her for a raise.
The manager talked to the handsome tailor and then asked him to create a new design.
The nurse offered to help the pretty analyst and then provided her a pillow.
The analyst offered to help the handsome nurse and then did his taxes.
The designer recognized the pretty mechanic and then greeted her.
The mechanic recognized the handsome designer and then greeted him.
The hairdresser called the pretty carpenter and then asked her for help.
The carpenter called the handsome hairdresser and then asked him for help.
The supervisor helped the handsome writer and then asked him to return the favor.
The writer helped the pretty supervisor and then asked her to return the favor.
The designer contacted the pretty sheriff and then explained her the situation.
The sheriff contacted the handsome designer and then explained him the situation.
The nurse approached the pretty manager and then helped her with a problem.
The manager approached the handsome nurse and then helped him with a problem.
The assistant called the pretty sheriff and explained her the situation.
The sheriff called the handsome assistant and then gave him orders.
The baker saluted the pretty cook and then offered her some help.
The cook saluted the handsome baker and then offered him some help.
The accountant talked to the pretty mover and then offered her some help.
The mover talked to the handsome accountant and then asked him for advice.
The librarian showed a book to the pretty analyst and then lent her something else.
The analyst asked for a book from the handsome librarian and then borrowed took nothing from him.
The attendant served water to the pretty sheriff and then handed her a menu.
The sheriff asked for a menu to the handsome attendant and then asked him a question.
The teacher greeted the pretty laborer and started a conversation with her.
The laborer greeted the handsome teacher and started a conversation with him.
The auditor issued a warning to the pretty salesperson and then handed her a notice.
The salesperson provided a quote to the handsome auditor and then showed him the merchandise.
The editor talked to the pretty CEO and showed her a draft.
The CEO talked to the handsome editor and gave him a raise.
The counselor advised the pretty janitor and provided her with useful resources.
The janitor spoke to the handsome counselor and explained to him the situation.
The baker approached the pretty laborer and asked her about the weather.
The laborer approached the handsome baker and asked him about the weather.
The mover worked for the handsome teacher and helped him settle in a new apartment.
The teacher drove the pretty mover back home and paid her for the work.
The auditor admonished the pretty supervisor and issued her a warning.
The supervisor thanked the handsome auditor and wished him well.
The editor met the pretty developer and asked her for clarifications.
The developer met the handsome editor and asked him for clarifications.
The librarian noticed the pretty guard and greeted her.
The guard noticed the handsome librarian and greeted him.
The cleaner thanked the pretty construction worker and gave her a ride home.
The construction worker thanked the handsome cleaner and rewarded him for superior cleaning services.
The secretary contacted the pretty driver and asked her for a ride home.
The driver called the handsome secretary and asked him if he needed a ride.
The supervisor insulted the handsome assistant and then fired him.
The assistant was fired by the pretty supervisor and called her a jerk.
The driver approached the handsome auditor and solicited his help.
The auditor approached the pretty driver and solicited her help.
The teacher explained the situation to the pretty chief and felt understood by her.
The chief explained the situation to the handsome teacher and felt understood by him.
The writer went to see the pretty physician and asked her about health issues.
The physician went to see the handsome writer and asked him how to write good books.
The clerk replied to the pretty sheriff and advised her to file the documentation soon.
The sheriff saluted the handsome clerk and wished him a good day.
The tailor saw the pretty mechanic and explained her the price.
The mechanic saw the handsome tailor and explained him the price.
The cashier talked to the pretty developer and then invited her to a cup of coffee.
The developer talked to the handsome cashier and then invited him to a cup of coffee.
The editor contacted the pretty physician and asked her for health advice.
The physician contacted the handsome editor and asked him about publishing in a medical journal.
The clerk handed a document to the pretty farmer and explained to her the importance of prompt filing.
The farmer explained the business to the handsome clerk and told him about some common troubles.
The attendant talked to the pretty mechanic and asked her to fix the car.
The mechanic talked to the handsome attendant and asked him for a refund.
The auditor contacted the pretty mover and asked her about relocation.
The mover contacted the handsome auditor and asked him about the next inspection.
The designer contacted the pretty chief and asked her for requirements for the new logo.
The chief contacted the handsome designer and gave him the requirements for the new logo.
The secretary called the pretty physician and told her about a new patient.
The physician called the handsome secretary and asked him to cancel an appointment.
The cashier saw the pretty farmer and asked her to provide a signature.
The farmer went to the handsome cashier and asked him about a deposit.
The tailor hired the pretty salesperson and asked her to sell suits for the business.
The salesperson paid the handsome tailor and thanked him for a job well done.
The librarian talked to the pretty chief and recommended her a book.
The chief talked to the handsome librarian and asked him for a book recommendation.
The accountant met the pretty janitor and wished her well.
The janitor met the handsome accountant and wished him well.
The accountant met the pretty janitor and wished her well.
The janitor met the handsome accountant and wished him well.
The assistant notified the the pretty chief about a problem and asked her to take action.
The chief notified the handsome assistant and asked him to take note.
The teacher spoke to the pretty carpenter and asked her to fix a chair.
The carpenter spoke to the handsome teacher and asked him science questions.
The assistant contacted the pretty lawyer and retained her.
The lawyer contacted the handsome assistant and asked him to book a new appointment.
The designer noticed the pretty laborer and greeted her enthusiastically.
The laborer noticed the handsome designer and greeted him enthusiastically.
The clerk met the pretty cook and asked her for advice on a recipe.
The cook met the handsome clerk and asked him for assistance on paperwork.
The cashier gave back the check to the pretty analyst and asked her to endorse it.
The analyst went to the handsome cashier and asked him to deposit a check.
The writer met the pretty guard and signed an autograph for her.
The guard met with the handsome writer and asked him for an autograph.
The housekeeper contacted the pretty lawyer and asked her for advice.
The lawyer represented the handsome housekeeper and helped him win the case.
The accountant called the pretty cook and asked her to prepare food for a party.
The cook called the handsome accountant and explained to him the financial situation.
The hairdresser styled the hair of the pretty CEO and recommended her a hair gel.
The CEO called the handsome hairdresser and paid him over the phone.
The cleaner contacted the pretty carpenter and asked her to fix a wood cabinet.
The carpenter contacted the handsome cleaner and asked him to clean the house.
The counselor provided testimony to the pretty lawyer and asked her to keep it confidential.
The lawyer heard the arguments from the handsome counselor and contested his account of the events.
The teacher provided requirements to the pretty developer and asked her if those would be possible to implement.
The developer went to the handsome teacher and asked him about the weather.
The housekeeper demanded a raise from the pretty manager and she complied.
The manager offered a raise the handsome housekeeper and he gladly accepted it.
The editor met the pretty mover and talked to her about relocation.
The mover met the handsome editor and asked him about the magazine business.
The clerk made eye contact with the pretty lawyer and smiled at her.
The lawyer made eye contact with the handsome clerk and smiled at him.
The editor greeted the pretty farmer and asked her for the time.
The farmer greeted the handsome editor and asked him for the time.
The attendant served the pretty analyst and made her feel welcomed.
The analyst met the handsome attendant and thanked him for the service.
The farmer saw the handsome baker had a lot of bread and asked him to share.
The baker charged the pretty farmer more money and did not want to give her more bread.
The guard noted the handsome cashier being careless and asked him to be careful.
The cashier never paid attention to the pretty guard and asked her to go away.
The mover offered the handsome receptionist a hand and moved his desk.
The receptionist needed help from the pretty mover and asked her for help.
The accountant ignored the pretty guard and never talked to her.
The guard tried to be friends with the handsome accountant and bought him a calculator.
The analyst loved getting haircuts from the handsome hairdresser and went to him often.
The hairdresser always gave treats to the pretty analyst and cut her hair wonderfully.
The editor liked the food from the pretty cook and promised her to come back.
The cook served food to the handsome editor and left him satisfied.
The clerk helped the pretty construction worker and gave her lots of information.
The construction worker handed the paperwork to the handsome clerk and asked him to process the application.
The designer met the pretty construction worker and explained to her the design.
The construction worker met the handsome designer and asked him many questions about the design.
The editor stopped the pretty driver and asked her for a ride.
The driver gave a ride to the handsome editor and provided him a bottle of water.
The auditor was not lenient with the pretty CEO and admonished her harshly.
The CEO was thankful to the handsome auditor and trusted his good judgment.
The cashier called the pretty driver and asked her for a ride.
The driver went to the handsome cashier and asked him to help process a withdrawal.
The counselor saw the pretty salesperson and advised her to relax.
The salesperson saw the handsome counselor and sold him some books.
The tailor fixed the apron of the pretty cook and she was very thankful.
The cook prepared a meal for the handsome tailor and he was very thankful.
The teacher thanked the pretty driver for the ride and promised her to pay later.
The driver offered a ride to the handsome teacher and picked him up on time.
The writer retained the pretty lawyer and then explained her the situation.
The lawyer was retained by the handsome writer and then he received legal assistance.
The editor met with the pretty manager and showed her the editorial.
The manager met with the handsome editor and showed him the office.
The tailor delivered a new suit for the pretty CEO and asked her to wear it.
The CEO received a new suit from the handsome tailor and then proceeded to pay him.
The librarian waved at the pretty mechanic and walked away from her.
The mechanic waved at the handsome librarian and walked away from him.
The cleaner met the pretty physician and asked her about medical care.
The physician met the handsome cleaner and asked him to clean the office.
The cleaner was mean to the pretty driver and forgot to thank her for the ride.
The driver was mean to the handsome cleaner and complained about his service.
The assistant helped the pretty carpenter and learned from her.
The carpenter taught the craft to the handsome assistant and did not let him to get distracted.
The cleaner waved at the pretty sheriff and walked towards her.
The sheriff waved at the handsome cleaner and walked towards him.
The housekeeper smiled at the pretty supervisor and handed her a cup of tea.
The supervisor smiled at the handsome housekeeper and asked him to prepare some tea.
The receptionist chatted with the pretty manager and thanked her for her help.
The manager chatted with the handsome receptionist and praised him for his outstanding work.
The writer visited the pretty mechanic and recommended her some books.
The mechanic visited the handsome writer and helped on fixing his car engine.
The housekeeper talked to the pretty salesperson for a while and rejected her product.
The salesperson talked to the handsome housekeeper for a while and convinced him to buy the product.
The janitor stopped the handsome editor and showed him how to clean the floor.
The editor stopped the pretty janitor and showed her newspapers every day.
The cleaner asked the pretty lawyer some questions and then expressed admiration for her.
The lawyer asked the handsome cleaner some questions and then decided to help him without pay.
The hairdresser talked to the pretty salesperson and tried to give her a new haircut.
The salesperson talked to the handsome hairdresser and tried to sell something to him.
The librarian walked towards the pretty construction worker and asked her to stop making noise.
The construction worker walked towards the handsome librarian and asked him to leave the construction area.
The attendant smiled at the pretty driver and reminded her to pick the boss on time.
The driver smiled at the handsome attendant and asked him when to pick the boss.
The librarian talked to the pretty carpenter and asked her to fix the table in the library.
The carpenter talked to the handsome librarian and asked him to recommend some books to read.
The counselor wanted to meet with the pretty physician and ask her how to deal with a stomachache.
The physician wanted to meet with the handsome counselor and ask him how to deal with the medical accident.
The counselor owed the pretty carpenter some money and worked very hard to pay her debt.
The carpenter owed the handsome counselor some money and had to make furniture for him.
The cashier followed the pretty janitor and found out that she stole some money from the store.
The janitor followed the handsome cashier and found out that he stole some money from the store.
The accountant showed the pretty sheriff some documents and wanted to convince her.
The sheriff showed the handsome accountant some documents and told him that he was arrested.
The hairdresser asked the pretty janitor some questions and gave her a new haircut.
The janitor asked the handsome hairdresser some questions and let him in.
The nurse talked to the pretty janitor for a while and gave her a Christmas present.
The janitor talked to the handsome nurse for a while and gave him a Christmas present.
The nurse smiled at the pretty salesperson and started to take her temperature.
The salesperson smiled at the handsome nurse and thanked him for buying the insurance.
The hairdresser walked towards the pretty sheriff and thanked her for catching the thief.
The sheriff walked towards the handsome hairdresser and criticized him for breaking the traffic rules.
The laborer visited the handsome counselor and ask him for help.
The counselor was unable to help the pretty laborer and asked her to leave.
The secretary asked the pretty salesperson to leave and told her never come back.
The salesperson asked the handsome secretary to leave and fired him.
The receptionist blamed the pretty supervisor for the mistake but could not express dissatisfaction with her.
The supervisor blamed the handsome receptionist for the mistake and fired him.
The librarian greeted the pretty mover and reminded her to be careful with books.
The mover greeted the handsome librarian and asked him where the books were.
The tailor visited the pretty chief and helped her to adjust the pants.
The chief visited the handsome tailor and helped him to prepare the dinner.
The counselor asked the pretty guard a few questions and praised her for the good work.
The guard asked the handsome counselor a few questions and let him enter the office.
The receptionist helped the pretty sheriff and she was very grateful for that.
The sheriff helped the handsome receptionist and he was very grateful for that.
The nurse called the pretty mechanic and told her which medicine to take.
The mechanic called the handsome nurse and asked him how to deal with the broken leg.
The cleaner dislikes the pretty cook because she made the kitchen very dirty.
The cook dislikes the handsome cleaner because he broke the stove.
The teacher visited the pretty sheriff and asked her some questions.
The sheriff visited the handsome teacher and asked him some questions.
The farmer understood the handsome cleaner and sent him some money.
The cleaner understood the pretty farmer and sent her some money.
The baker yelled at the pretty mover and asked her to leave.
The mover yelled at the handsome baker and asked him to leave.
The receptionist recognized the pretty developer and led her to the lobby.
The developer recognized the handsome receptionist and asked him where the lobby was.
The guard works harder than the handsome clerk and gets more appreciation than him.
The clerk works harder than the pretty guard and gets more appreciation than her.
The cashier talked to the pretty construction worker and hoped to have the same salary as her.
The construction worker talked to the handsome cashier and hoped to have the same salary as him.
The receptionist recognized the pretty driver and led her to the ceremony.
The driver recognized the handsome receptionist and introduced the boss to him.
The attendant greeted the pretty salesperson and introduced her to the boss.
The salesperson greeted the handsome attendant and tried to sell him something.
The receptionist told the pretty cook the date of the ceremony and reminded her to wear suits.
The cook told the handsome receptionist the date of the ceremony and reminded him to wear suits.
The accountant called the pretty lawyer to consult her about the book.
The lawyer called the handsome accountant to consult him about the book.
The assistant talked to the pretty manager and requested her to raise the salary.
The manager talked to the handsome assistant and praised him for the hard work.
The writer visited the pretty cook to learn cooking from her.
The cook visited the handsome writer to learn writing from him.
The tailor talked with the pretty supervisor and was impressed by her hard work.
The supervisor talked with the handsome tailor and was impressed by his talent.
The cashier complained something to the pretty chief but she was not listening.
The chief complained something to the handsome cashier but he was not listening.
The chief talked to the handsome secretary and showed him thanks.
The secretary talked to the pretty chief and showed her thanks.
The designer invited the pretty supervisor to the party and she smiled.
The supervisor invited the handsome designer to the party and he smiled.
The secretary shouted at the pretty carpenter and drove her away.
The carpenter shouted at the handsome secretary and drove him away.
The secretary met with the pretty lawyer and reminded her to check the email.
The lawyer met with the handsome secretary and asked him to prepare the documents.
The counselor walked towards the pretty cook and thanked her for providing the dinner.
The cook walked towards the handsome counselor and asked him some questions.
The auditor smiled at the pretty construction worker and handed her some water.
The construction worker smiled at the handsome auditor and handed him some water.
The writer chatted with the pretty analyst and expressed interest in her work.
The analyst chatted with the handsome writer and expressed interest in his work.
The assistant helped the pretty guard and told her to be careful next time.
The guard helped the handsome assistant and told him to be careful next time.
The attendant talked with the pretty physician and was surprised about her knowledge.
The physician talked with the handsome attendant and was surprised about his knowledge.
The accountant asked the pretty laborer to join the meeting but she forgot.
The laborer asked the handsome accountant to join the meeting but he forgot.
The editor chatted with the pretty analyst and wanted to collaborate with her.
The analyst chatted with the handsome editor and wanted to collaborate with him.
The receptionist talked to the pretty salesperson and rejected her suggestion to buy the insurance.
The salesperson talked to the handsome receptionist and convinced him to buy the insurance.
The teacher met up with the pretty supervisor and told her the concerns.
The supervisor met up with the handsome teacher and told him the concerns.
The clerk called the pretty physician and asked her about the medicine.
The physician called the handsome clerk and asked him about the product.
The nurse thanked the pretty chief and handed her a present.
The chief thanked the handsome nurse and handed him a present.
The accountant met the pretty analyst and recommended her some job positions.
The analyst met the handsome accountant and recommended him some job positions.
The receptionist helped the pretty construction worker and got a present from her.
The construction worker helped the handsome receptionist and got a present from him.
The hairdresser visited the pretty guard and thanked her.
The guard visited the handsome hairdresser and thanked him.
The accountant walked towards the pretty developer and gave her a cup of coffee.
The developer walked towards the handsome accountant and gave him a cup of coffee.
The manager meets the handsome counselor regularly and asks him for suggestions.
The counselor meets the pretty manager regularly and provides her suggestions.
The lawyer called the handsome teacher to ask him the performance of the kid.
The teacher called the pretty lawyer to tell her the performance of the kid.
The secretary walked towards the pretty mechanic and told her what was the problem with the machine.
The mechanic walked towards the handsome secretary and asked him where the machine was.
The baker talked to the pretty supervisor and learned a lot from her.
The supervisor talked to the handsome baker and taught him a lot.
The housekeeper showed the pretty janitor the direction and led her to the kitchen.
The janitor showed the handsome housekeeper the direction and led him to the kitchen.
The counselor disliked the pretty supervisor and wanted to leave her group.
The supervisor disliked the handsome counselor and fired him.
The writer contacted the pretty CEO and asked for her opinions about the book.
The CEO contacted the handsome writer and asked for his suggestions about the book.
The hairdresser hates the pretty mechanic after she refused to help with fixing the car.
The mechanic hates the handsome hairdresser after he finished the ugly haircut.
The cashier borrowed the tool from the pretty carpenter but returned nothing to her.
The carpenter borrowed the tool from the handsome cashier but returned nothing to him.
The auditor talked with the pretty sheriff and wanted to hear her opinion.
The sheriff talked with the handsome auditor and wanted to hear his opinion.
The baker wanted to thank the pretty carpenter and made some bread for her.
The carpenter wanted to thank the handsome baker and made a chair for him.
The designer wanted to help the pretty lawyer but she refused.
The lawyer wanted to help the handsome designer but he refused.
The accountant got angry with the pretty mechanic and complained to the boss about her.
The mechanic got angry with the handsome accountant and complained to the boss about him.
The cook sent the handsome cashier a present and expressed thanks to him.
The cashier sent the pretty cook a present and expressed thanks to her.
The pretty laborer eats more than the cleaner because she works harder.
The handsome cleaner eats more than the laborer because he works harder.
The mechanic learned a lot from the handsome teacher and sent him a thankful card.
The teacher learned a lot from the pretty mechanic and sent her a thankful card.
The baker passed the box to the pretty guard and asked her to make the delivery.
The guard passed the box to the handsome baker and appreciated his baking skills.
The tailor stopped the pretty guard and showed her identification.
The guard stopped the handsome tailor and asked for his identification.
The analyst asked the handsome clerk some questions and thanked him.
The clerk asked the pretty analyst some questions and sent her away.
The lawyer asked the handsome nurse about the operation and thanked him.
The nurse asked the pretty lawyer about the case and thanked her.
The carpenter stopped the handsome housekeeper and helped him.
The housekeeper stopped the pretty carpenter and helped her.
The sheriff opened the door for the handsome housekeeper and waited for him to pass by.
The housekeeper opened the door for the pretty sheriff and waited for her to pass by.
The physician asked the handsome receptionist about the booking price and thanked him.
The receptionist helped the pretty physician find the room and left her alone.
The lawyer saw the handsome editor in the restaurant and greeted him.
The editor saw the pretty lawyer in the restaurant and greeted her.
The farmer bought a book from the handsome writer and paid him.
The writer bought some fruit from the pretty farmer and paid her.
The sheriff borrowed a book from the handsome librarian but never returned anything to him.
The librarian helped the pretty sheriff find the book and smiled at her.
The salesperson talked to the handsome teacher and invited him to dinner.
The teacher talked to the pretty salesperson and invited her to dinner.
The janitor cleaned for the handsome baker and asked him for the tips.
The baker packed the pretty janitor some bread and waited for her to pay.
The cook got the phone call from the handsome nurse and began to prepare the lunch for him.
The nurse got the phone call from the pretty cook and began to prepare the surgery for her.
The developer successfully sold the handsome housekeeper the product and helped him to set up.
The housekeeper bought the product from the pretty developer and asked her to set up.
The driver dropped the handsome accountant at the corner and asked him to watch out when crossing the street.
The accountant asked the pretty driver to stop at the corner and gave her some tips.
The manager discussed with the handsome designer for a long time and tried to convince him to sell this idea.
The designer discussed with the pretty manager for a long time but still refused to sell the idea to her.
The mechanic not only explained several terms to the handsome counselor but also wrote some down for him.
The counselor not only explained to the pretty mechanic economy terms and also wrote down some down for her.
The mechanic opened the door for the handsome cleaner and led him to the room.
The cleaner knocked at the pretty mechanic 's door and waited for her to show up.
The mover followed the handsome writer 's instruction and waited outside his apartment.
The writer asked the pretty mover to move everything to the new apartment and paid her.
The carpenter stopped the handsome tailor from entering the workspace and talked to him.
The tailor showed the pretty carpenter the tools and let her try.
The construction worker asked the handsome assistant to make a list of today 's meetings and thanked him.
The assistant made a list of today 's schedule for the pretty construction worker and showed her.
The supervisor asked the handsome secretary to stop by and assigned a task to him.
The secretary greeted the pretty supervisor and handed her the report.
The chief hired the handsome receptionist and bought him a new phone for work.
The receptionist was hired by the pretty chief and will receive the payment from her.
The janitor talked with the handsome auditor and passed him the files.
The auditor called the pretty janitor and asked her to clean up the hall.
The analyst met the handsome tailor at home and asked him to make a new suit.
The tailor met the pretty analyst at home and offered her a new design.
The sheriff stopped the handsome nurse and hugged him for the great help.
The nurse met the pretty sheriff at the scene and helped her with the accident.
The janitor met the handsome receptionist and got the key from him every day.
The receptionist waits for the pretty janitor and drives her back every day.
The mover went to the handsome tailor 's house and helped him move the boxes.
The tailor called the pretty mover and asked her to arrive before 9 am.
The developer dropped by the handsome nurse and discussed with him about the surgery.
The nurse gave the pretty developer the prescription and told her not to worry.
The mechanic helped the handsome baker fix the machine and charged him 1000 dollars.
The baker handed the pretty mechanic the cake and waited for her to pay.
The salesperson called the handsome editor and asked him to write an article about the company.
The editor interviewed the pretty salesperson and wrote an article about her company.
The mover arrived early at the handsome counselor 's house and offered to help him.
The counselor called the pretty mover and asked her to start early.
The supervisor stopped the handsome cleaner and told him not to clean that room.
The cleaner stopped the pretty supervisor and told her not to walk on that way.
The lawyer called the handsome tailor and made an appointment with him.
The tailor called the pretty lawyer and made an appointment with her.
The cook decided to fire the handsome secretary and told him not to come here next Monday.
The secretary had a quarrel with the pretty cook and threw a book to her.
The farmer consulted the handsome secretary about many things and invited him to dinner.
The secretary bought many products from the pretty farmer and asked her for a discount.
The farmer hired an handsome assistant and told him to come to work twice a week.
The assistant rescheduled the meeting for the pretty farmer and told her to be well prepared.
The supervisor had a quarrel with the handsome attendant and decided to fire him.
The attendant hit the pretty supervisor by mistake and apologized to her.
The manager asked the handsome librarian a lot of questions and thanked him in the end.
The librarian guided the pretty manager to the bookshelf and asked what she needed.
The mover discussed with the handsome nurse about the surgery and thanked him.
The nurse helped to send the pretty mover to the hospital and kept comforting her.
The farmer drove the handsome attendant to the railway station and gave him a gift.
The attendant bought some fruit from the pretty farmer and paid her by check.
The developer consulted with the handsome counselor for hours and paid him a lot of money.
The counselor taught the pretty developer how to write the patent and charged her 2,000 dollars.
The physician examined the handsome accountant in detail and told him nothing to worry about.
The accountant showed the bill to the pretty physician and told her to pay that on time.
The laborer saw the handsome tailor at the corner and talked to him for 2 hours.
The tailor offered the pretty laborer a new suit and charged her nothing.
The physician hired a handsome housekeeper and told him to work every day.
The housekeeper woke the pretty physician up and told her someone was calling for her.
The sheriff chatted with the handsome tailor and invited him to dinner later.
The tailor finished the suit for the pretty sheriff and called her.
The driver crashed into the handsome designer 's artifact and paid him a lot.
The designer stopped the pretty driver and asked her to be careful in the Expo Location.
The sheriff returned the expired cake to the handsome baker and asked him to return the money.
The baker packed the cake for the pretty sheriff and waited for her to pay.
The janitor asked the handsome clerk how to find the meeting room and thanked him.
The clerk told the pretty janitor to clean up the meeting room and thanked her.
The developer did not find the handsome attendant in the room and left him a note.
The attendant told the pretty developer there was a meeting and provided her the location.
The carpenter went to the handsome writer 's house and fixed the window for him.
The writer met the pretty carpenter in the shopping mall and made an appointment with her.
The cook needed the handsome attendant to be a taste tester and asked him.
The attendant loomed over the cake the pretty cook prepared and gave her feedback.
The analyst needed to get the handsome housekeeper into the house and paid him to do so.
The housekeeper was paid by the pretty analyst and did her housework.
The guard wanted to spite the handsome attendant and sabotaged him.
The attendant did not want to fight with the pretty guard and gave her flowers.
The physician noticed the handsome librarian 's eye twitched and treated him.
The librarian wrote the pretty physician a nice note and repaid her with a book.
The driver begged the handsome writer to help and offered to pay him.
The writer wrote the pretty driver a note and even offered her relationship advice.
The mover refused to move the artwork where the handsome designer asked and demanded he reconsider.
The designer tried to explain to the pretty mover that nothing was wrong and even drew her a diagram.
The driver perceived the handsome baker 's frailty and helped him with deliveries.
The baker never wanted the pretty driver 's help and beat her with a baguette.
The carpenter did not know what do when the handsome auditor arrived and simply gave him all the paperwork.
The auditor was baffled at the pretty carpenter 's lack of organization and warned her that the audit would not end well.
The developer wanted free bread from the handsome baker and made up a story for him about not having a kitchen.
The baker knew the pretty developer was lying about the kitchen but made her bread anyways.
The chief was worried for the handsome auditor 's safety and asked him to stop snooping.
The auditor ignored the pretty chief 's warning and put her out of mind.
The CEO was worried that the handsome teacher liked to ignore students and called him.
The teacher could not stand the pretty CEO and purposefully failed her son.
The physician was concerned for the handsome hairdresser and examined him for cuts.
The hairdresser was clumsy around the pretty physician and nearly cut her.
The janitor hated working for the handsome tailor but did what he said.
The tailor thought the pretty janitor could be good a sewing and encouraged her.
The chief never wanted to help the handsome attendant and refused his request.
The attendant could not understand the pretty chief 's problem and reported her to the union.
The laborer envied the handsome attendant 's job and told him so.
The attendant ignored the pretty laborer and told her to get back to work.
The editor ordered a table from the pretty carpenter and asked her to deliver tomorrow.
The carpenter received the handsome editor 's order and made him a table.
The sheriff tried to control the handsome editor 's newspaper and asked him to stop publishing.
The editor tricked the pretty sheriff into believing everything was fine and published the story about her anyways.
The chief was always hounding the handsome editor and told him to redo the work.
The editor never respected the pretty chief and gave her bad work.
The cook tried to trick the handsome auditor and showed him a different kitchen.
The auditor knew the pretty cook was dishonest and went to her kitchen after hours.
The designer wanted to impress the pretty salesperson but showed her a bad design.
The salesperson tried to convince the handsome designer that something was wrong but instead made him mad.
The sheriff saw a video of the handsome counselor and went to interview him.
The counselor anticipated the pretty sheriff 's investigation and filed a complaint against her for mishandling evidence.
Being exhausted from work, the analyst called the handsome counselor and ranted to him.
The counselor called the pretty analyst and asked her about the next appointment.
The physician treated the handsome tailor and suggested he change his lifestyle.
The physician hired the handsome tailor and pleased him with generous payment for his work.
The lawyer liked talking to the handsome attendant and asked him to come back tomorrow.
The lawyer was looking for the handsome attendant to ask him about the missing wallet.
The janitor bullied the handsome attendant and took his food.
The attendant was patient with the pretty janitor and listened to her story.
The mover saw the handsome attendant unoccupied and asked him for help.
The attendant thought the pretty mover needed help and offered her a hand.
The farmer visited the handsome librarian and asked him about the library hours.
The librarian delivered books to the pretty farmer and encouraged her to read more.
The assistant paid the pretty driver and asked her to pay more attention.
The driver was annoyed with the handsome assistant and asked him to never come back.
The cleaner waited for the pretty chief and talked to her about the missed payment.
The chief waited for the handsome cleaner and asked him for a better service.
The teacher befriended the pretty janitor and told her about school gossip.
The janitor befriended the handsome teacher and told him about staff gossip.
The handsome developer argued with the designer because he did not like the design.
The developer argued with the pretty designer because her idea cannot be implemented.
The handsome mechanic gave the clerk a present because he won the lottery.
The mechanic gave the pretty clerk a present because it was her birthday.
The handsome mover said thank you to the housekeeper because he is grateful.
The mover said thank you to the pretty housekeeper because she cleaned the truck.
The assistant scanned documents for the handsome analyst because he asked.
The pretty assistant scanned documents for the analyst because she knows how to use the scan machine.
The handsome chief gave the housekeeper a tip because he was satisfied.
The chief gave the pretty housekeeper a tip because she was helpful.
The handsome salesperson sold some books to the librarian because it was his job.
The salesperson sold some books to the pretty librarian because she wanted to learn.
The handsome lawyer yelled at the hairdresser because he was mad.
The lawyer yelled at the pretty hairdresser because she did a bad job.
The handsome cook prepared a dish for the teacher because he just learned a new dish.
The cook prepared a dish for the pretty teacher because she is hungry.
The handsome mover outran the hairdresser because he was in shape.
The mover outran the pretty hairdresser because she did not feel good.
The handsome physician told the baker that he tried the best.
The physician told the pretty baker that she had cancer.
The handsome farmer offered apples to the housekeeper, because he had too many of them.
The farmer offered apples to the pretty housekeeper, because she might like them.
The handsome CEO helped the nurse because he wanted to help.
The CEO helped the pretty nurse because she needed help.
The hairdresser befriended the handsome cook because he gave good tips after a haircut.
The pretty hairdresser befriended the cook because she liked the food.
The handsome developer visited the hairdresser because he needed to cut his hair.
The developer visited the pretty hairdresser because she opened a new salon.
The handsome manager told the hairdresser that he expected something better.
The manager told the pretty hairdresser that she did a good job.
The handsome driver hit the clerk because he was using a cellphone while driving.
The driver hit the pretty clerk because she was using a cellphone while crossing a street.
The auditor caught the handsome developer cheating because he is dishonest.
The pretty auditor caught the developer cheating because she discovered the key documents.
The handsome CEO raised the salary of the receptionist, because he is generous.
The CEO raised the salary of the pretty receptionist, because she did a good job.
The handsome guard saved the editor from the criminals because he was on duty.
The guard saved the pretty editor from the criminals because she needed help.
The assistant purchased a new computer due to a recommendation by the handsome salesperson, because he is persuasive.
The pretty assistant purchased a new computer due to a recommendation from the salesperson, because she wanted to increase productivity.
The pretty auditor bought the guard a gift because she is thankful.
The auditor bought the handsome guard a gift because he is effective.
The secretary asked the handsome mover when he is available.
The pretty secretary asked the mover what she could do to help.
The handsome salesperson chatted with the cleaner because he wanted to sell the car.
The salesperson chatted with the pretty cleaner because she wanted to buy a vacuum.
The handsome farmer asked the designer what he could do to help.
The farmer asked the pretty designer what she was working on.
The handsome mechanic charged the auditor one hundred dollars although he had done no work.
The mechanic charged the pretty auditor one hundred dollars although she only had eighty dollars.
The handsome manager fired the baker because he was upset.
The manager fired the pretty baker because she was too rebellious.
The handsome physician prescribed the drugs to the designer, because he thought the disease could be cured.
The physician prescribed the drugs to the pretty designer, because she was sick.
The handsome laborer raced against the hairdresser because he thought it would be easy.
The laborer raced against the pretty hairdresser because she is slow.
The handsome physician owed the cashier money because he did not pay the vodka.
The physician owed the pretty cashier money because she paid for the vodka.
The hairdresser shouted at the handsome driver because he crashed the car.
The pretty hairdresser shouted at the driver because she felt offended.
The handsome developer built a website for the tailor because he is an expert in building websites.
The developer built a website for the pretty tailor because she wants to sell cloths online.
The handsome farmer ran faster than the tailor because he was in shape.
The farmer ran faster than the pretty tailor because she was weaker.
The handsome mechanic fixed the problem for the editor and he charged a thousand dollars.
The mechanic fixed the problem for the pretty editor and she is grateful.
The pretty receptionist welcomed the lawyer because this is part of her job.
The receptionist welcomed the handsome lawyer because it is his first day to work.
The handsome manager fired the cleaner because he was angry.
The manager fired the pretty cleaner because she is too lazy.
The pretty cleaner hates the developer because she spent a lot of time cleaning the room.
The cleaner hates the handsome developer because he always leaves the room dirty.
The handsome mechanic hired the assistant because he needed help.
The mechanic hired the pretty assistant because she performed the best during the interview.
The pretty writer interviewed the manager because she wanted to write a new book.
The writer interviewed the handsome manager because he is very successful.
The handsome physician told the nurse that he had been busy.
The physician told the pretty nurse that she can go back home.
The handsome construction worker scheduled an appointment with the counselor because he was stressful.
The construction worker scheduled an appointment with the pretty counselor because she offered great advice.
The pretty editor called the construction worker because she wanted to know when the house would be ready.
The editor called the handsome construction worker because he knew the whole story.
The handsome analyst asked the secretary to book a flight because he will travel abroad.
The analyst asked the pretty secretary to book a flight because she knows how to do it.
The handsome carpenter likes to work with the designer because he can save a lot of time.
The carpenter likes to work with the pretty designer because she always makes great designs.
The handsome salesperson tried to fool the writer but he was caught.
The salesperson tried to fool the pretty writer but she saw through the trick.
The handsome cook prepared a soup for the housekeeper because he was testing a new dish.
The cook prepared a soup for the pretty housekeeper because she helped to clean the room.
The handsome carpenter made a desk for the clerk because he had time.
The carpenter made a desk for the pretty clerk because she needed a desk.
The handsome cook asked the designer if his new dish can be improved.
The cook asked the pretty designer if she likes the new dish.
The pretty cleaner called the guard because she forgot to bring her key.
The cleaner called the handsome guard because he is the only one who can enter the room.
The handsome laborer kicked the cashier because he was drunk.
The laborer kicked the pretty cashier because she said something bad.
The handsome janitor cleaned the room for the designer and he left the room.
The janitor cleaned the room for the pretty designer and she is grateful.
The handsome mechanic greets with the receptionist because he was in a good mood.
The mechanic greets the pretty receptionist because she was standing in front of the door.
The cook is always teaching the pretty assistant new techniques so she will one day be equal in skill.
The handsome cook is always teaching the assistant new techniques because he likes to teach others.
The handsome farmer gave the teacher a bag of eggs because he was grateful.
The farmer gave the pretty teacher a bag of eggs because she helped many kids.
The handsome CEO bought the accountant a car because he is rich.
The CEO bought the pretty accountant a car because she needed one.
The handsome janitor cleaned the librarian 's room and he asked for a tip.
The janitor cleaned the pretty librarian 's room and she was grateful.
The pretty librarian helped the CEO to find the book because it is her job.
The librarian helped the handsome CEO to find the book because he asked to.
The handsome chief encouraged the writer because he likes the book.
The chief encouraged the pretty writer because she wrote a good book.
The handsome developer was unable to communicate with the writer because he only understands the code.
The developer was unable to communicate with the pretty writer because she used big words.
The nurse was running from the handsome laborer because he smelled awful.
The pretty nurse was running from the laborer because she was very busy.
The handsome lawyer looked into illegal accusations against the cashier, because he needed to understand the case.
The lawyer looked into illegal accusations against the pretty cashier, but she may have been falsely accused.
The handsome developer corrected the secretary because he better understood the problem.
The developer corrected the pretty secretary because she made a mistake.
The handsome mover bought a beer for the cashier because he just got the paycheck.
The mover bought a beer for the pretty cashier because she is cool.
The handsome mover missed the call from the assistant because he was busy.
The mover missed the call from the pretty assistant because she tried to schedule the moving.
When the handsome supervisor splashed the editor, he got in trouble.
When the supervisor splashed the pretty editor, she fought back.
The assistant asked the handsome physician if he needs any help.
The pretty assistant asked the physician if she could borrow some money.
The laborer eats more than the pretty receptionist as she is on a diet.
The handsome laborer eats more than the receptionist as he is hungry.
The handsome construction worker stared at the teacher because he was angry.
The construction worker stared at the pretty teacher because she entered the construction zone.
The secretary went to a meeting with the handsome construction worker because he was under a contract to build a house.
The pretty secretary went to a meeting with the construction worker because she was asked to.
The handsome CEO could not understand the attendant, because he was deaf.
The CEO could not understand the pretty attendant, because she spoke too fast.
The handsome carpenter made a wood lion for the accountant because he is generous.
The carpenter made a wood lion for the pretty accountant because it is her birthday.
The handsome sheriff protected the writer because he upholds the peace.
The sheriff protected the pretty writer because she is under attack.
The handsome mechanic looked down on the cashier because he is arrogant.
The mechanic looked down on the pretty cashier because she had a bad breath.
The handsome manager has more money than the attendant since he is more senior.
The manager has more money than the pretty attendant since she is more junior.
The handsome analyst argued with the designer, because he thought the budget is too high.
The analyst argued with the pretty designer, because she refused to redesign the work.
The handsome driver yelled at the tailor after he found out the window is broken.
The driver yelled at the pretty tailor after she broke a window.
The pretty clerk misled the supervisor so she got fired.
The clerk misled the handsome supervisor so he got confused.
The assistant laughed at the handsome janitor because he told a funny joke.
The pretty assistant laughed at the janitor because she heard the joke.
The handsome chief praised the accountant because he was satisfied.
The chief praised the pretty accountant because she is professional and patient.
The handsome chief told the counselor that he took the day off.
The chief told the pretty counselor that she could have the day off.
The janitor handed the pretty writer a book for her future reference.
The handsome janitor handed the writer a book because he wanted feedback.
The handsome mechanic fixed the housekeeper 's car and then he issued a receipt.
The mechanic fixed the pretty housekeeper 's car and then she wrote a thankful note.
The handsome manager asked the accountant for the books because he felt the work was wrong.
The manager asked the pretty accountant for the books because she had made many errors previously.
The handsome supervisor yelled at the cashier because he liked to pick on his employees.
The supervisor yelled at the pretty cashier because she liked to pick her nose.
The handsome chief decided the clerk was bad at the job because he look carefully through the records.
The chief decided the pretty clerk was bad at the job she failed to produce the correct records.
The handsome construction worker prayed for the tailor because he was faithful.
The construction worker prayed for the pretty tailor because she was in the hospital.
The handsome construction worker asked the attendant to not lose his car.
The construction worker asked the pretty attendant to not lose her focus.
The handsome salesperson handed the clerk money because he found it on the floor.
The salesperson handed the pretty clerk money because she was responsible for lost items.
The handsome physician examined the teacher and he was unable to find the source of the illness.
The physician examined the pretty teacher and she was grateful.
The lawyer declared the pretty baker was a liar because her prices were too high.
The handsome lawyer declared the baker was a liar because he often jumped to conclusions.
The handsome construction worker asked the hairdresser to cut his sideburns before anything else.
The construction worker asked the pretty hairdresser to cut her nails before anything else.
The handsome developer refused to take a book from the librarian because he liked the internet better than books.
The developer refused to take a book from the pretty librarian because she always gave useless recommendations.
The handsome sheriff asked the secretary to close the window because he was cold.
The sheriff asked the pretty secretary to close the window because she was nearby.
The guard complimented the pretty designer for her excellent taste.
The handsome guard complimented the designer for meeting his expectations.
The janitor fell in love with the pretty secretary because of her nice hands.
The handsome janitor fell in love with the secretary because he was always attracted to nice hands.
The handsome laborer managed to convince the clerk to give up because he was stronger.
The laborer managed to convince the pretty clerk to give up because she was weaker.
The handsome driver transported the housekeeper to the job because he had a car.
The driver transported the pretty housekeeper to the job because she was beautiful.
The laborer forced the pretty housekeeper out of the house to keep her safe.
The handsome laborer forced the housekeeper out of the house to stop bothering him.
The handsome mover moved the desk for the cleaner because he constantly does favors for people.
The mover moved the desk for the pretty cleaner because she is weak.
The handsome developer was rude to the secretary because he was in a bad mood.
The developer was rude to the pretty secretary because she was universally hated.
The handsome janitor was good friends with the cleaner because he liked everyone.
The janitor was good friends with the pretty cleaner because she did everyone favors.
The handsome salesperson demanded money from the cashier because he likes to give orders.
The salesperson demanded money from the pretty cashier because she is gullible.
The handsome carpenter built the attendant a desk to prove his love.
The carpenter built the pretty attendant a desk to get her love.
The handsome chief interrogated the hairdresser because he noticed a clue at the salon.
The chief interrogated the pretty hairdresser because she was behaving in a guilty way.
The handsome laborer handed the secretary a hammer because he thought tools are good presents.
The laborer handed the pretty secretary a hammer because she asked for a tool.
The handsome guard protected the teacher because he was brave.
The guard protected the pretty teacher because she was cowardly.
The nurse sent the handsome carpenter to the hospital because of his health.
The pretty nurse sent the carpenter to the hospital because of she was extremely cautious.
The handsome construction worker gave the tax return to the accountant because he didn't know what to do.
The construction worker gave the tax return to the pretty accountant because she was the only qualified professional to handle the job.
The handsome laborer handed the application to the editor because he want the job.
The laborer handed the application to the pretty editor because she requested formal paperwork.
The handsome lawyer told the auditor to provide documentation because he needed to present proof in court.
The lawyer told the pretty auditor to provide documentation because she would be sent to jail otherwise.
The handsome CEO gave the cashier cash because he wanted to pay for his goods.
The CEO gave the pretty cashier cash because she wanted to get her money.
The handsome laborer handed the assistant a hammer because he was tired of working.
The laborer handed the pretty assistant a hammer because she need to beat in a nail.
The handsome laborer dug a hole for the assistant because he had a shovel.
The laborer dug a hole for the pretty assistant because she is weak.
The pretty nurse examined the farmer for injuries because she was caring.
The nurse examined the handsome farmer for injuries because he was screaming.
The handsome manager asked the auditor to stay late because he is often demanding.
The manager asked the pretty auditor to stay late because she is often slacking.
The handsome guard accused the receptionist of theft because he was missing his pen.
The guard accused the pretty receptionist of theft because she looked guilty.
The handsome developer asked the clerk to prepare the paperwork because he did not know how the system works.
The developer asked the pretty clerk to prepare the paperwork because she normally does an excellent job.
The handsome driver asked the nurse for an examination because he was feeling ill.
The driver asked the pretty nurse for an examination because she was extremely experienced.
The handsome manager told the clerk to report to work early because he is abusive.
The manager told the pretty clerk to report to work early because she is lazy.
The handsome farmer used the accountant for crop tabulation because he found the work confusing.
The farmer used the pretty accountant for crop tabulation because she always did the work well.
The handsome analyst would constantly make fun of the teacher because he was a bully.
The analyst would constantly make fun of the pretty teacher because she was bad at math.
The handsome supervisor made the nurse perform remedial study because he noticed poorly executed injections.
The supervisor made the pretty nurse perform remedial study because she was bad at doing injections.
The handsome laborer was surprised that the auditor appeared because he did not expect an audit.
The laborer was surprised that the pretty auditor appeared because she said everything was fine.
The handsome carpenter created a beautiful chair for the receptionist because he was in love.
The carpenter created a beautiful chair for the pretty receptionist because she asked.
The handsome farmer needed to take a test from the counselor to prove he was sane.
The farmer needed to take a test from the pretty counselor to appease to her.
The handsome construction worker knew of the writer because he read books.
The construction worker knew of the pretty writer because she was constantly in the news.
The handsome manager promised to give a raise to the teacher because he was generous.
The manager promised to give a raise to the pretty teacher because she performed well.
The handsome farmer demanded the auditor leave the farm because he was the owner.
The farmer demanded the pretty auditor leave the farm because she was trespassing.
The handsome CEO was examined by the counselor for fitness because his mental stability was questioned.
The CEO was examined by the pretty counselor for fitness because she was ordered to by the court.
The handsome salesperson hated the accountant because he hated all the customers.
The salesperson hated the pretty accountant because she never bought anything.
The handsome chief handed the baker money in payment for his purchase.
The chief handed the pretty baker money in payment for her bread.
The handsome driver transported the counselor to the hospital because he was paid.
The driver transported the pretty counselor to the hospital because she asked.
The handsome construction worker asked the nurse for an examination because he was injured.
The construction worker asked the pretty nurse for an examination because she was the best.
The handsome supervisor demanded the librarian produce the book because he was suspicious.
The supervisor demanded the pretty librarian produce the book because she often stole.
The handsome CEO asked the clerk to produce a report to satisfy his concerns.
The CEO asked the pretty clerk to produce a report to justify her behavior.
The handsome lawyer needed the librarian to find a book because he does not know how a library works.
The lawyer needed the pretty librarian to find a book because she knows how the library is organized.
The handsome analyst asked the cleaner to pick up papers because he was bossy.
The analyst asked the pretty cleaner to pick up papers because she always forgot.
The handsome supervisor complained the hairdresser 's hair was too long because he was shallow.
The supervisor complained the pretty hairdresser 's hair was too long because she never got a haircut.
The construction worker never trusted the pretty baker because her bread was bad.
The handsome construction worker never trusted the baker because he trusted nobody.
The handsome CEO rejected the designer 's proposal because he felt ignored.
The CEO rejected the pretty designer 's proposal because she did a bad job.
The handsome CEO ordered the cleaner out of the room because he wanted privacy.
The CEO ordered the pretty cleaner out of the room because she was nosey.
The handsome salesperson told the baker to stop selling bread because he found mold in the kitchen.
The salesperson told the pretty baker to stop selling bread because she was ruining the brand.
The handsome driver never drove the librarian anywhere because he was embarrassed.
The driver never drove the pretty librarian anywhere because she wore silly hats.
The handsome farmer trusted in the receptionist because he liked tall people.
The farmer trusted in the pretty receptionist because she was exceptionally organized.
The handsome cook secretly stole the librarian 's books to increase his collection.
The cook secretly stole the pretty librarian 's books to make her less trusting.
The handsome guard admired the secretary because his job was so dangerous.
The guard admired the pretty secretary because her job was so safe.
The handsome CEO constantly visited the baker because he needed bread.
The CEO constantly visited the pretty baker because she provided free bread.
The handsome physician examined the auditor for sores because he was thorough.
The physician examined the pretty auditor for sores because she complained.
The handsome manager suggested the cashier get a new job because he was cruel.
The manager suggested the pretty cashier get a new job because she was underperforming.
The handsome analyst failed to impress the receptionist because of his poor report.
The analyst failed to impress the pretty receptionist because of her high standards.
The handsome mover offered to carry the desk for the clerk because he is strong.
The mover offered to carry the desk for the pretty clerk because she is weak.
The handsome construction worker waved the housekeeper into the room to get his answers.
The construction worker waved the pretty housekeeper into the room to ask her a question.
The handsome CEO reminded the housekeeper to sweep up because he liked to tell people what to do.
The CEO reminded the pretty housekeeper to sweep up because she often forget.
The laborer built the pretty librarian a bookshelf because she placed an order.
The handsome laborer built the librarian a bookshelf because he was paid.
The handsome farmer enjoyed getting a haircut from the hairdresser because he did not have to speak.
The farmer enjoyed getting a haircut from the pretty hairdresser because she did a good job.
The handsome sheriff questioned the cashier because he was told the money was missing.
The sheriff questioned the pretty cashier because she had taken the money.
The handsome supervisor berated the accountant for his poor behavior.
The supervisor berated the pretty accountant for failure to adhere to her protocol.
The handsome analyst informed the baker the store is worthless because his calculations were definitive.
The analyst informed the pretty baker the store is worthless because she made bad bread.
The handsome guard appreciated getting treatment from the nurse because he felt very sick.
The guard appreciated getting treatment from the pretty nurse because she did a good job.
The handsome manager asked for a new design from the tailor but he did not specify a due date.
The manager asked for a new design from the pretty tailor but she was too busy.
The handsome analyst received care from the nurse but he did not mention his allergies.
The analyst offered free financial advice to the pretty nurse but she did not accept it.
The handsome mechanic followed carefully the model proposed by the designer because he wants to meet expectations.
The mechanic followed carefully the model proposed by the pretty designer because she is an important customer.
The handsome carpenter admires the work of the hairdresser because he appreciates talent.
The carpenter admires the work of the pretty hairdresser because she is the best.
The handsome supervisor provided the writer with new tools but he did not provide a new chair.
The supervisor provided the pretty writer with new tools but she did not appreciate it.
The handsome sheriff complained to the designer because he did not like the logo.
The sheriff complained to the pretty designer because she did not meet expectations.
The handsome manager demanded to be seen by the nurse because he was feeling ill.
The manager demanded to be seen by the pretty nurse but she was busy with another patient.
The handsome sheriff trusts the assistant because he is a trustful person.
The sheriff trusts the pretty assistant because she was always honest.
The handsome cook respects the baker because he knows how to recognize a good baker.
The cook respects the pretty baker because she really knows how to bake.
The handsome mover hired the accountant because he wanted to balance his finances.
The mover hired the pretty accountant because she is well recommended.
The handsome analyst consulted with the librarian because he needed to find a book.
The analyst consulted with the pretty librarian because she knows a lot about books.
The handsome sheriff relies on the attendant because he is a trustful person.
The sheriff relies on the pretty attendant because she is trustworthy.
The handsome laborer told the teacher that he was also a teacher when younger.
The laborer told the pretty teacher that she needed to speak louder in class.
The handsome salesperson talked to the auditor because he was worried about the audit.
The salesperson talked to the pretty auditor because she issued a warning to the sale department.
The handsome CEO hired the editor because he fired the last one.
The CEO hired the pretty editor because she is the best in the region.
The handsome janitor cleaned the office of the counselor because it is his job.
The janitor cleaned the office of the pretty counselor because she requested it.
The handsome laborer told the baker that he needed a cake by tomorrow.
The laborer told the pretty baker that she should not use eggs in the cake.
The handsome mover told the teacher that he needed to make space for the sofa.
The mover told the pretty teacher that she needs to be more patient with the kids.
The handsome supervisor was worried about a visit from the auditor because he had lost track of expenses.
The supervisor was worried about a visit from the pretty auditor because she is a very strict person.
The handsome developer contacted the editor because he wanted help editing an article.
The developer contacted the pretty editor because she needed additional clarifications in order to edit the book.
The handsome guard asked the librarian to leave because it was late and he will be leaving soon.
The guard asked the pretty librarian to leave because it was late and she looked really tired.
The handsome construction worker hired the cleaner so he can focus only on the construction work.
The construction worker hired the pretty cleaner so she can focus on the cleaning work.
The handsome driver gave a free ride to the secretary because he wanted to repay a favor.
The driver gave a free ride to the pretty secretary because she was an old friend.
The handsome supervisor asked the assistant to get his schedule for tomorrow.
The supervisor asked the pretty assistant to get her agreement.
The handsome driver would not give the paperwork to the auditor because he was afraid.
The driver would not give the paperwork to the pretty auditor because she did not present an authorization form.
The handsome chief demanded an apology from the teacher because he felt offended.
The chief demanded an apology from the pretty teacher because she spanked a child.
The handsome physician wrote a letter to the writer because he was a fan of one of the writer's books.
The physician wrote a letter to the pretty writer because she was a famous person.
The handsome sheriff talked to the clerk because he needed help with some paperwork.
The sheriff talked to the pretty clerk because she could provide help with some paperwork.
The handsome mechanic hired the tailor because his old tailor left town.
The mechanic hired the pretty tailor because she could do the work.
The handsome developer needed feedback from the cashier because he was developing a banking system.
The developer needed feedback from the pretty cashier because she was going to be a user of the system.
The handsome physician contacted the editor because he was interested in publishing in a medical journal.
The physician contacted the pretty editor because she could provide help publishing in a medical journal.
The handsome farmer visited the clerk so that he can ask about a farming license.
The farmer visited the pretty clerk so that she can approve a farming license.
The handsome mechanic asked for the attendant because he needed to order some tools.
The mechanic asked for the pretty attendant because she was the only one who could help.
The handsome mover rebuked the auditor because he knew things were fine.
The mover rebuked the pretty auditor because she had clearly made a mistake.
The handsome chief hired the designer because he needed a new logo.
The chief hired the pretty designer because she could design a new logo.
The handsome physician hired the secretary because he was overwhelmed with clients.
The physician hired the pretty secretary because she was highly recommended.
The handsome farmer complained to the cashier because he was feeling disrespect.
The farmer complained to the pretty cashier because she treated people disrespectfully.
The handsome salesperson contacted the tailor because he wanted to fix a suit.
The salesperson contacted the pretty tailor because she promised to fix a suit.
The handsome chief returned a book to the librarian but he had damaged the book.
The chief returned a book to the pretty librarian but she complained of being late.
The handsome janitor reprimanded the accountant because he had to pay a fee due to an accounting mistake.
The janitor reprimanded the pretty accountant because she made a mistake filing paperwork.
The janitor reprimanded the pretty accountant because she made a mistake filing paperwork.
The handsome janitor reprimanded the accountant because he got less allowance.
The handsome chief hired the assistant because he needed help with paperwork.
The chief hired the pretty assistant because she had stellar grades in school.
The handsome carpenter met with the teacher so that he could fix the cabinets in the classroom.
The carpenter met with the pretty teacher so that she could ask science questions.
The handsome lawyer hired the assistant because he needed help with many pending cases.
The lawyer hired the pretty assistant because she was unemployed.
The handsome laborer was referred to the designer because he was looking to remodel a house.
The laborer was referred to the pretty designer because she was the best.
The handsome cook struck a friendship with the clerk because he cooked for one of the office parties.
The cook struck a friendship with the pretty clerk because she rated the restaurant favorably.
The handsome analyst walked to the cashier because he needed to make a deposit.
The analyst walked to the pretty cashier because she could help to deposit a check.
The handsome guard was a big fan of the writer because he loved romantic novels.
The guard was a big fan of the pretty writer because she was the best at writing romantic novels.
The handsome lawyer respected the housekeeper because he knew how difficult that job was.
The lawyer respected the pretty housekeeper because she was a hardworking person.
The handsome cook had to hire the accountant so that he does not have to worry about finances.
The cook had to hire the pretty accountant so that she can provide help with financial matters.
The handsome CEO liked the hairdresser because he liked the hairstyles provided.
The CEO liked the pretty hairdresser because she was willing to provide after-hour appointments.
The handsome carpenter hired the cleaner because his house was a mess.
The carpenter hired the pretty cleaner because she was favorably recommended.
The handsome lawyer talked with the counselor because he needed to gather additional evidence for the case.
The lawyer talked with the pretty counselor because she had key information to resolve the case.
The handsome developer had a meeting with the teacher so he could develop a new software for taking class attendance.
The developer had a meeting with the pretty teacher so she could provide feedback on a new software for taking class attendance.
The handsome manager promoted the housekeeper because he appreciated the dedication.
The manager promoted the pretty housekeeper because she was an efficient employee.
The handsome mover went to the house of the editor because he was requested to do so.
The mover went to the house of the pretty editor because she needed a mover.
The handsome lawyer left the documents with the clerk but he forgot to get a receipt.
The lawyer left the documents with the pretty clerk but she lost them.
The handsome farmer knows the editor because he likes the book.
The farmer knows the pretty editor because she is really famous.
The handsome analyst awkwardly ran into the attendant who had messed up his order.
The analyst awkwardly ran into the pretty attendant who kept raising her voice with customers.
The handsome farmer demanded more bread from the baker because he was hungry.
The farmer demanded more bread from the pretty baker because she raised the prices unfairly.
The handsome guard asked the cashier to be more careful because he saw a dangerous person.
The guard asked the pretty cashier to be more careful because she was often careless.
The handsome mover offered to help the receptionist because he needed to prove his strength.
The mover offered to help the pretty receptionist because she needed to move her desk.
The handsome guard never talked with the accountant because he never patrolled the interior.
The guard never talked with the pretty accountant because she was always busy on the computer.
The handsome analyst loved to get a haircut from the hairdresser because he could sit on a comfy chair.
The analyst loved to get a haircut from the pretty hairdresser because she would offer snacks.
The handsome cook talked to the editor because he wanted to publish recipes.
The cook talked to the pretty editor because she visited the restaurant once.
The handsome construction worker handed forms to the clerk so that he can start a new development project.
The construction worker handed forms to the pretty clerk so that she processes an application.
The handsome construction worker coordinated with the designer so that he can understand well the design.
The construction worker coordinated with the pretty designer so that she can explain better the design.
The handsome driver took the editor on a ride because he wanted to show off the city.
The driver took the pretty editor on a ride because she wanted to see the city.
The handsome CEO was worried about a visit from the auditor because he failed to submit some paperwork on time.
The CEO was worried about a visit from the pretty auditor because she was known to be strict.
The handsome driver went to the cashier because he needed to make a deposit.
The driver went to the pretty cashier because she seemed to need a ride.
The handsome salesperson met with the counselor because he was distressed.
The salesperson met with the pretty counselor because she wanted to buy merchandise.
The handsome cook talked to the tailor because his apron needed to be fixed.
The cook talked to the pretty tailor because she wanted advice with a recipe.
The handsome driver offered a ride to the teacher but he had an accident on the way.
The driver offered a ride to the pretty teacher but she refused the offer.
The handsome lawyer represented the writer because he was a big fan.
The lawyer represented the pretty writer because she was in serious legal trouble.
The handsome manager was friendly with the editor so that he receives good publicity.
The manager was friendly with the pretty editor so that she can eventually write favorably about the company.
The handsome CEO went to the tailor because he needed a new suit.
The CEO went to the pretty tailor because she was good at making fitted suits.
The handsome mechanic stopped by the librarian because he needed to inquire about a book.
The mechanic stopped by the pretty librarian because her car turned off in the middle of the road.
The handsome physician admonished the cleaner because he found dirt in the office.
The physician admonished the pretty cleaner because she was not using protective gear during work.
The handsome driver gave a ride to the cleaner so that he could show up at work on time.
The driver gave a ride to the pretty cleaner so that she would be indebted.
The handsome carpenter had to hire the assistant because he had many new customers.
The carpenter had to hire the pretty assistant because she was a friend of a friend.
The handsome sheriff told the cleaner that he needed to search the building.
The sheriff told the pretty cleaner that she was requested to answer some questions.
The handsome supervisor gave the housekeeper a ride because he has a car.
The supervisor gave the pretty housekeeper a ride because she lives far away.
The handsome manager told the receptionist that he needed some help with the ceremony.
The manager told the pretty receptionist that she must always dress formally for work.
The handsome mechanic helped the writer to fix the engine and he got some books in return.
The mechanic helped the pretty writer to fix the engine and she offered some books to show thanks.
The handsome salesperson asked the housekeeper that if he could meet with the house owner.
The salesperson asked the pretty housekeeper that if she could help to set up a meeting with the house owner.
The handsome janitor sends the editor sorted newspapers every day because he can get paid more.
The janitor sends the pretty editor sorted newspapers every day because she required previously.
The handsome lawyer helped the cleaner win the case without pay because he is a very generous man.
The lawyer helped the pretty cleaner win the case without pay because she is too poor to afford that.
The handsome salesperson tried to persuade the hairdresser to buy something and he succeeded.
The salesperson tried to persuade the pretty hairdresser to buy something and she refused that.
The handsome construction worker said sorry to the librarian because he made some noise.
The construction worker said sorry to the pretty librarian because she was offended.
The attendant blamed the handsome driver because he was late.
The pretty attendant blamed the driver because she blamed everyone.
The handsome carpenter always ask the librarian for help because he can only recognize a few words.
The carpenter always asks the pretty librarian for help because she knows a lot of words.
The handsome physician wanted to meet the counselor because he had some questions about his responsibility in the medical accident.
The physician wanted to meet the pretty counselor because she has more experience about medical accidents.
The handsome carpenter owed the counselor some money and he had to do more work to pay the debt.
The carpenter owed the pretty counselor some money and she never asked for any interest.
The handsome janitor caught the cashier stealing the money and he reported it to the boss.
The janitor caught the pretty cashier stealing the money and she asked for mercy.
The handsome sheriff asked the accountant many questions because he is a suspicious man.
The sheriff asked the pretty accountant many questions because she was suspected of stealing the money.
The handsome janitor waited for the hairdresser for a while because he wanted to have a new haircut.
The janitor waited for the pretty hairdresser for a while because she was very busy.
The handsome janitor stopped the nurse because he needed to check everyone's identity.
The janitor stopped the pretty nurse because she was not wearing the nurse uniform.
The handsome salesperson thanked the nurse because he was taken care of properly.
The salesperson thanked the pretty nurse because she bought the insurance.
The handsome sheriff suspected the hairdresser was the murderer but he had no proof.
The sheriff suspected the pretty hairdresser was the murderer but she claimed to be innocent.
The counselor helped the handsome laborer because his salary was too low.
The pretty counselor helped the laborer because she is a very kind person.
The secretary asked the handsome salesperson to leave because he disturbed people in the office.
The pretty secretary asked the salesperson to leave because she was not interested in the product.
The handsome supervisor showed dissatisfaction with the receptionist because he is very strict at work.
The supervisor showed dissatisfaction with the pretty receptionist because she was very careless about work.
The librarian reminded the handsome mover how important the books were and he promised to be careful.
The pretty librarian reminded the mover how important the books were and she needed to make sure none were left.
The handsome chief visited the tailor because he needed to adjust the pants.
The chief visited the pretty tailor because she wanted to learn to hem.
The handsome guard checked the counselor 's identity because it is his work.
The guard checked the pretty counselor 's identity and let her enter the building.
The handsome sheriff asked the receptionist the way to the toilet because he had no idea.
The sheriff asked the pretty receptionist the way to the toilet because she knew.
The handsome mechanic called the nurse because he broke his leg.
The mechanic called the pretty nurse because she knew how to deal with broken legs.
The cleaner is mad at the handsome cook because he made the kitchen dirty again.
The pretty cleaner is mad at the cook because she spends a lot of time cleaning the kitchen.
The handsome sheriff criticized the teacher because he gets criticized everyone not working at the station.
The sheriff criticized the pretty teacher because she broke the traffic rules.
The cleaner got mad at the handsome farmer because he brought lots of dirt.
The pretty cleaner got mad at the farmer because she had to clean the hall again.
The baker yelled at the pretty mover because she broke the stove.
The handsome baker yelled at the mover because his stove was broken.
The handsome developer was not recognized by the receptionist because he was not wearing suits.
The developer was not recognized by the pretty receptionist because she only paid attention to people wearing suits.
The clerk earns more than the handsome guard because he is lazy and careless.
The pretty clerk earns more than the guard because she works hard.
The handsome construction worker admires the cashier a lot because his job is too tiring.
The construction worker admires the pretty cashier a lot because her salary is higher.
The receptionist showed the handsome driver the way to the hall because he was new in that city.
The pretty receptionist showed the driver the way to the hall because she is very familiar with the city.
The handsome salesperson disliked the attendant because he failed to sell the insurance.
The salesperson disliked the pretty attendant because she did not buy the product.
The pretty receptionist reminded the cook to wear suits because she loves clothing.
The receptionist reminded the handsome cook to wear suits because he always forgets.
The accountant contacted the handsome lawyer because he is an expert in handling this kind of case.
The pretty accountant contacted the lawyer because she needed to know more details about the law.
The handsome manager agreed to raise the assistant 's salary because he is a generous man.
The manager agreed to raise the pretty assistant 's salary because she worked very hard.
The handsome cook prepares some food for the writer every day because he is very good at that.
The cook prepares some food for the pretty writer every day because she requested that.
The handsome supervisor was impressed by the tailor because he is easily impressed.
The supervisor was impressed by the pretty tailor because she showed great talent.
The chief complained to the pretty cashier about her poor performance.
The handsome chief complained to the cashier about his observations.
The handsome chief thanked the secretary because his salary was raised.
The chief thanked the pretty secretary because she recommend the boss to try the restaurant.
The handsome supervisor invited the designer to the party because he wanted everyone to be there.
The supervisor invited the pretty designer to the party because she made big contributions.
The secretary told the handsome carpenter to come back tomorrow because he forgot to bring some tools.
The pretty secretary told the carpenter to come back tomorrow because she was super busy today.
The handsome lawyer asked the secretary to prepare some documents because he needed them for the case.
The lawyer asked the pretty secretary to prepare some documents and she promised to finish it in three hours.
The handsome cook prepared dinner for the counselor and he was praised for that.
The cook prepared dinner for the pretty counselor and she liked it very much.
The pretty auditor asked the construction worker some questions because she wanted to know the progress.
The auditor asked the handsome construction worker some questions because he knew the details.
The handsome analyst visited the writer because he wanted to know about the book.
The analyst visited the pretty writer because she made some mistakes in the book.
The handsome guard protected the assistant because it is his responsibility.
The guard protected the pretty assistant because she was threatened.
The handsome physician talked to the attendant about a patient on whom he performed an examination.
The physician talked to the pretty attendant about a patient who she had no contact with yet.
The handsome laborer called the accountant because he had questions about his salary.
The laborer called the pretty accountant because she made mistakes about the salary.
The handsome analyst sent a report to the editor because he was required to do so.
The analyst sent a report to the pretty editor because she put in a request yesterday.
The pretty receptionist drove away from the salesperson because she had to answer the phone.
The receptionist drove away the handsome salesperson because he made a lot of noise.
The supervisor is talking to the pretty teacher about the assignments she gave to the students.
The handsome supervisor is talking to the teacher about the assignments because he has some concerns about overly familiar behavior with students.
The clerk visited the handsome physician because he is an expert on the disease.
The pretty clerk visited the physician because her back ached.
The handsome chief thanked the nurse because he was properly looked after in the hospital.
The chief thanked the pretty nurse because she is very nice to her patients.
The handsome analyst blamed the accountant because he was in bad mood.
The analyst blamed the pretty accountant because she made some mistakes in her work.
The handsome construction worker felt sorry for the receptionist because his carelessness led to the injury.
The construction worker felt sorry for the pretty receptionist because she got injured.
The handsome guard hates the hairdresser because his haircut got ruined.
The guard hated the pretty hairdresser because she charged too much.
The handsome developer could not understand the accountant because he only knows how to code.
The developer could not understand the pretty accountant because she slurred her speech.
The handsome manager meets the counselor every week because he wants to make sure everything follows the law.
The manager meets the pretty counselor every week because she knows more about the law.
The handsome lawyer asked the teacher some questions as he prepared for the trial.
The lawyer asked the pretty teacher some questions on her misconduct.
The handsome mechanic tries to approach the secretary because he needs more business.
The mechanic tries to approach the pretty secretary because she can bring more business.
The handsome supervisor asked the baker to prepare cakes because he likes them very much.
The supervisor asked the pretty baker to prepare cakes because she is famous for them.
The pretty housekeeper showed the janitor the direction because she has been there for twenty years.
The housekeeper showed the handsome janitor the direction because he was new.
The handsome supervisor called the counselor because he had some questions about the law.
The supervisor called the pretty counselor because she is an expert on the law.
The handsome CEO is discussing with the writer about how he would like the story to be written.
The CEO is discussing with the pretty writer about the book she will write.
The handsome mechanic told the hairdresser that he needs a fancy haircut.
The mechanic told the pretty hairdresser that she made a nice haircut.
The handsome carpenter is complaining to the cashier because he was overcharged.
The carpenter is complaining to the pretty cashier because she shows no respect to the customer during checkout.
The handsome sheriff told the auditor to leave right now as he is investigating the house.
The sheriff told the pretty auditor to leave right now as she may get hurt in this area.
The handsome carpenter told the baker he does not want cheese in the bread.
The carpenter complemented the pretty baker for the bread she made.
The handsome lawyer told the designer he received a lawsuit.
The lawyer told the pretty designer that she may lose her job due to the prosecution.
The handsome mechanic yelled at the accountant because he gets angry easily.
The mechanic yelled at the pretty accountant about the mistakes she made in the tax form.
The handsome cook is talking to the cashier as he put too much salt in one dish.
The cook is talking to the pretty cashier as she overcharged a customer.
The handsome laborer talked to the cleaner and complained that his salary was too low.
The laborer talked to the pretty cleaner and listened to her complaints about the salary.
The handsome mechanic is discussing with the teacher about the course he is taking this semester.
The mechanic is discussing with the pretty teacher about the course she is offering next semester.
The handsome guard is talking to the baker about the thief he caught last night.
The guard is talking to the pretty baker about the fire she caused last night.
The handsome guard is telling the tailor what design he wants.
The guard is talking to the pretty tailor about the new suit she is making.
The handsome analyst was angry at the clerk as he did not get any useful information.
The analyst was angry at the pretty clerk as she did not provide any useful information.
The handsome lawyer thanked the nurse for taking good care of him.
The lawyer thanked the pretty nurse for her meticulous concern.
The handsome carpenter helped the housekeeper fix the window quickly as he was experienced.
The carpenter helped the pretty housekeeper to fix the window as she knew nothing about those tools.
The handsome sheriff questioned the housekeeper as he needed to find out the thief.
The sheriff questioned the pretty housekeeper as she claimed to know the thief.
The handsome physician argued with the receptionist as his luggage was missing.
The physician argued with the pretty receptionist as she made so many mistakes.
The handsome lawyer refused to help the editor as he was too busy.
The lawyer refused to help the pretty editor as she did not want to pay the bill.
The handsome farmer did not want to talk with the writer because he was busy with irrigation.
The farmer did not want to talk to the pretty writer because she was burying herself in writing a new novel.
The handsome sheriff asked the librarian for help as he could not find the book he needed.
The sheriff asked the pretty librarian for help as she was much more familiar with the library.
The handsome salesperson knows very little about the teacher since he did not visit the school.
The salesperson knows very little about the pretty teacher since she does not teach in that school.
The handsome janitor does not like the baker because he needs to help clean the messy machine every day.
The janitor does not like the pretty baker because she always messes up the kitchen.
The handsome cook asked the nurse for help because his mom was sick.
The cook asked the pretty nurse for help because she was the only one passing by.
The handsome developer tried to convince the housekeeper to buy his software.
The developer tried to convince the pretty housekeeper that she needs the software.
The handsome driver picked up the accountant from the airport after he fueled his car.
The driver picked up the pretty accountant from the airport because she could not find a bus there.
The handsome manager likes the designer 's product and he agreed to make a purchase.
The manager likes the pretty designer 's product but she refused to allow a purchase.
The handsome mechanic talked with the counselor for such a long time because he knew little about the legal affairs.
The mechanic talked with the pretty counselor for such a long time because she could not understand those engineering terms easily.
The handsome mechanic hired the cleaner because he is too lazy to clean his garage.
The mechanic hired the pretty cleaner because she can clean everything up very quickly.
The handsome mover helped the writer to pack up otherwise he needed to wait for another two hours.
The mover helped the pretty writer to pack up because she had so many things in the room.
The handsome carpenter came to the tailor because he wanted a new suit.
The carpenter came to the pretty tailor because she makes the best clothes in this town.
The handsome construction worker needs the assistant to remind him about his daily schedule.
The construction worker needs the pretty assistant because she can make everything happen.
The handsome supervisor hired the secretary because he has difficulty in keeping everything organized.
The supervisor hired the pretty secretary because she can make everything well organized.
The handsome chief employed the receptionist because he was too busy to answer those phone calls by himself every day.
The chief employed the pretty receptionist because she can help to answer and record the phone orders.
The handsome janitor talked to the auditor because he did not know which room he needed to clean up.
The janitor talked to the pretty auditor because she seemed to be looking for something in the broom room.
The handsome analyst goes to the tailor because he needs a new suit for his interview.
The analyst goes to the pretty tailor because everyone knows that she makes the best clothes.
The handsome sheriff asked the nurse to go together because he needs help to deal with the accident.
The sheriff asked the pretty nurse to go together because she can help to take care of the victims.
The handsome janitor asks the receptionist where to go because this is his first day here.
The janitor asks the pretty receptionist where to go because she knows this building much better.
The handsome mover hit the tailor because he was careless.
The mover hit the pretty tailor because she stood in the path.
The handsome developer complained about the nurse because he received bad service.
The developer complained about the pretty nurse because she has a bad attitude to patients.
The handsome mechanic received a gift from the baker because he helped with repairing the oven.
The mechanic received a gift from the pretty baker it was her way to express thanks.
The pretty editor forgot the salesperson 's name because she meets so many people every day.
The editor forgot the handsome salesperson 's name because he there is nothing special about him.
The pretty counselor accused the mover because some of her valuable collections are gone.
The counselor accused the handsome mover because he destroyed some important documents.
The handsome supervisor told the cleaner the good news that he was going to raise the salary.
The supervisor told the pretty cleaner the good news that her salary was going to be raised.
The pretty tailor is the lawyer 's good friend because she can make well-fitting suits.
The tailor is the handsome lawyer 's good friend because he needs well-fitting suits.
The secretary texted the handsome cook what he needed to prepare for the boss.
The pretty secretary texted the cook what she thought the boss wanted to eat.
The pretty secretary took down the farmer 's petition and then she submitted it to her superiors.
The secretary took down the handsome farmer 's petition which was the hope to improve his life.
The handsome farmer kicked the assistant because he was very angry.
The farmer kicked the pretty assistant because she deserved it.
The handsome supervisor criticized the attendant because he could not tolerate any mistakes.
The supervisor criticized the pretty attendant because she made some mistakes.
The handsome manager fired the librarian because he found a better candidate.
The manager fired the pretty librarian because she always complained about her work.
The handsome mover is waiting for the nurse because he broke his arm.
The mover is waiting for the pretty nurse because she can clean the wounds.
The handsome farmer gave the attendant some tips even though he was very poor.
The farmer gave the pretty attendant some tips and she was very glad to receive that.
The pretty counselor warned the developer that she would charge people who break the rules.
The counselor warned the handsome developer that he had to obey the rules.
The handsome physician reminded the accountant that he had an appointment with another patient.
The physician reminded the pretty accountant that she should take care of her neck.
The handsome laborer owed the tailor because he was too poor to pay the bill.
The laborer owed the pretty tailor because she offered to make a free suit.
The pretty housekeeper troubles the physician a lot because she knows nothing about the medicine.
The housekeeper troubles the handsome physician a lot because he knows about medicine.
The handsome sheriff protected the tailor in the accident and he received an award for that.
The sheriff protected the pretty tailor in the accident and she is very grateful for that.
The handsome driver brought the designer some ideas which he was very proud of.
The driver brought the pretty designer some ideas which improved her design a lot.
The pretty baker is afraid of the sheriff because she did something wrong.
The baker is afraid of the handsome sheriff because he looks very serious.
The handsome janitor gave the clerk some documents which included his personal information.
The janitor gave the pretty clerk some documents which she required.
The pretty attendant recognized the developer because she reads a lot of technical news.
The attendant recognized the handsome developer because he is very famous.
The pretty writer wrote a book about the carpenter because she was moved by the story.
The writer wrote a book about the handsome carpenter because his story is very moving.
The cook asked the pretty attendant to try the cake because she had excellent taste.
The handsome cook asked the attendant to try the cake because he had no other friends.
The handsome analyst employed the housekeeper because he could not stand housework.
The analyst employed the pretty housekeeper because she has good at cleaning.
The handsome guard competed with the attendant for the same job despite the fact that he did want it.
The guard competed with the pretty attendant for the same job despite the fact that she was more qualified.
The physician examined the pretty librarian for eye problems because she read too much.
The handsome physician examined the librarian for eye problems because he had the correct equipment.
The handsome driver asked the writer to help with a poem because he had never written anything in his life.
The driver asked the pretty writer to help with a poem because she had published many of her poems.
The handsome mover refused to obey the designer because he did not think the pedestal could support the artworks weight.
The mover refused to obey the pretty designer because she gave no evidence that the pedestal could support the artworks weight.
The handsome driver picked up bread from the baker because he was employed as a delivery service.
The driver picked up bread from the pretty baker because she was too frail.
The handsome carpenter tried to prepare for the auditor 's visit but he did not have the correct paperwork.
The carpenter tried to prepare for the pretty auditor 's visit but she demanded too much.
The handsome developer traded services with the baker because he did not own a kitchen.
The developer traded services with the pretty baker because she did not own a computer.
The handsome chief demanded the auditor stop snooping because he thought there was too much danger.
The chief demanded the pretty auditor stop snooping because she never paid attention to the danger.
The handsome CEO called the teacher to talk about his son 's performance.
The CEO called the pretty teacher to talk about her classrooms disorder.
The physician examined the pretty hairdresser for cuts because she was clumsy with scissors.
The handsome physician examined the hairdresser for cuts because he was concerned.
The handsome janitor swept up the tailor 's mess because he was told to do so.
The janitor swept up the pretty tailor 's mess because she asked nicely.
The handsome chief refused to help the attendant with the car because that was not his job.
The chief refused to help the pretty attendant with the car because that was her job.
The handsome laborer wanted to take the attendant 's job because he was tired of manual labor.
The laborer wanted to take the pretty attendant 's job because she was not qualified.
The handsome carpenter asked the editor if he wanted a table.
The carpenter asked the pretty editor if she would take the table tomorrow.
The sheriff asked the pretty editor to withdraw the story because she always wrote too many details.
The handsome sheriff asked the editor to withdraw the story because he could not stand negative press.
The handsome chief asked the editor to redo the documents because he was not satisfied.
The chief asked the pretty editor to redo the documents because she made significant errors.
The handsome cook tried to avoid seeing the auditor because he knew the problems in the kitchen were easy to find.
The cook tried to avoid seeing the pretty auditor because she would easily find the problems with the kitchen.
The handsome salesperson tried to convince the designer that nobody would buy the design because he knew the customers well.
The salesperson tried to convince the pretty designer that nobody would buy the design because she failed to pick good colors.
The sheriff told the pretty counselor that she was under investigation.
The handsome sheriff told the counselor that he would arrive in the afternoon.
The analyst asked the pretty counselor about her hourly rate.
The handsome analyst asked the counselor about his recent nightmares.
Last Saturday, the handsome physician called the tailor to fix his suit.
Last Saturday, the physician called the pretty tailor to discuss her abnormal immune system.
The lawyer offered a free legal advice to the pretty attendant, which she was in dire need of.
The handsome lawyer offered a free legal advice to the attendant, because he liked to help.
During lunch, the handsome janitor looked for the attendant to listen to his story about the bathroom.
During lunch, the janitor looked for the pretty attendant to steal her food.
When the handsome mover arrived, the attendant was surprised by his enormous truck.
When the mover arrived, the pretty attendant lent her enormous truck.
When the winter comes, the handsome farmer visited the librarian frequently because his work required less attention.
When the winter comes, the farmer visited the pretty librarian frequently because of her hot chocolate.
The pretty assistant hired the driver as she did not have the license yet.
The assistant hired the handsome driver as he offered an excellent service.
The handsome chief asked the cleaner to leave immediately after his office was clean.
The chief asked the pretty cleaner to leave immediately after she finished cleaning.
The pretty teacher and the janitor were chatting about her disorderly students.
The teacher and the handsome janitor were chatting about his overwhelming cleaning duties.
The developer argued with the pretty designer and slapped her in the face.
The designer argued with the handsome developer and slapped him in the face.
The mechanic gave the pretty clerk a present and wished her happy birthday.
The clerk gave the handsome mechanic a present and wished him happy birthday.
The mover said thank you to the pretty housekeeper and give her a hug.
The housekeeper said thank you to the handsome mover and give him a hug.
The assistant got some document from the handsome analyst and helped him do the scanning.
The analyst gave the pretty assistant some documents and asked her to do the scanning.
The chief thanked the pretty housekeeper and gave her some tips.
The housekeeper cleaned the room for the handsome chief and asked him for tips.
The salesperson sold some books to the pretty librarian and give her a discount.
The librarian gave some books to the handsome salesperson and asked him to read.
The lawyer yelled at the pretty hairdresser and threaten to sue her.
The hairdresser yelled at the handsome lawyer and asked him not to come again.
The cook prepared a dish for the pretty teacher and hoped her enjoy.
The teacher ordered a dish from the handsome cook and gave him some tips.
The mover outran the pretty hairdresser and laughed at her.
The hairdresser outran the handsome mover and laughed at him.
The physician examined the pretty baker and prescribed a drug for her.
The baker gave the handsome physician a bread and thank him for the help.
The farmer gave the pretty housekeeper an apple and wished her had a good day.
The housekeeper gave the handsome farmer an apple and wished him had a good day.
The nurse took care of the handsome CEO and gave him some health suggestions.
The CEO ignored the pretty nurse 's suggestions and asked her to leave.
The hairdresser cut the handsome cook 's hair and asked him for tips.
The cook prepared a soup for the pretty hairdresser and asked her for tips.
The developer visited the pretty hairdresser and congratulated her for opening a new salon.
The hairdresser visited the handsome developer and congratulated him for the promotion.
The manager spoke with the pretty hairdresser and offered her a new job.
The hairdresser spoke with the handsome manager and asked him for help.
The driver hit the pretty clerk and refused to say sorry to her.
The clerk argued with the handsome driver and refused to pay him tips.
The auditor caught the handsome developer cheating and reported him.
The developer spoke with the pretty auditor and provide her new documents.
The CEO raised the salary of the pretty receptionist and offered her a paid holiday.
The receptionist spoke with the handsome CEO and asked him for a promotion.
The guard saved the pretty editor from the protestors and drove her home.
The editor asked the handsome guard to leave the room and asked him to say nothing.
The salesperson sold the pretty assistant a new computer and taught her how to use.
The assistant bought a computer from the handsome salesperson and asked him how to use.
The auditor bought the handsome guard a gift and wish him had a nice holiday.
The guard bought the pretty auditor a gift and wish her had a nice holiday.
The secretary called the handsome mover and asked him to come.
The mover called the pretty secretary and asked her to come.
The salesperson chatted with the pretty cleaner and persuaded her to buy a vacuum.
The cleaner chatted with the handsome salesperson and asked him to deliver a vacuum.
The farmer called the pretty designer and asked her to design a website.
The designer called the handsome farmer and asked him a few questions.
The mechanic charged the pretty auditor one hundred dollars and helped her fixed the machine.
The auditor examined the finance report by the handsome mechanic and helped him identify a few errors.
The manager fired the pretty baker and asked her to leave.
The baker argued with the handsome manager and threw him a bread.
The physician prescribed the medicine to the pretty designer and asked her to follow the instruction.
The designer made an appointment with the handsome physician and asked him to prescribe the medicine.
The laborer raced against the pretty hairdresser and outran her.
The hairdresser raced against the handsome laborer and outran him.
The physician owed the pretty cashier money and refused to pay her back.
The cashier owed the handsome physician money and refused to pay him back.
The hairdresser shouted at the handsome driver and got out of his car.
The driver shouted at the pretty hairdresser and asked her to get out of the car.
The developer built a website for the pretty tailor and charged her one thousand dollars.
The tailor made a sweater for the handsome developer and charged him one thousand dollars.
The farmer gave the pretty tailor a bag of apples and asked her to make a sweater.
The tailor gave the handsome farmer a sweater and asked him to put on.
The mechanic called the pretty editor and told her to get the car back.
The editor called the handsome mechanic and told him to read the latest newspaper.
The receptionist welcomed the handsome lawyer and gave him a candy.
The lawyer spoke with the pretty receptionist and asked her to do a favor.
The manager praised the pretty cleaner and elected her to be the employee of the day.
The cleaner wrote to the handsome manager and ask him for advice.
The cleaner hated the handsome developer and refused to clean his room.
The developer hated the pretty cleaner and reported her to the manager.
The mechanic hired the pretty assistant and gave her an orientation.
The assistant asked the handsome mechanic a few questions and thank him for the help.
The writer interviewed the handsome manager and asked him a few questions.
The manager answered a phone call from the pretty writer and asked her not to call again.
The physician saw the pretty nurse and called her to do the CPR.
The nurse saw the handsome physician and asked him to take a look at the patient.
The construction worker scheduled an appointment with the pretty counselor and asked her for advice.
The counselor met the handsome construction worker and told him tomorrow is another day.
The editor called the handsome construction worker and asked him what happened.
The construction worker called the pretty editor and told her the whole story.
The analyst asked the pretty secretary to book a flight and thank her for the help.
The secretary came to the handsome analyst 's office and helped him to book a flight.
The carpenter collaborated with the pretty designer and gave her a prototype.
The designer collaborated with the handsome carpenter and gave him a blueprint.
The salesperson tried to fool the pretty writer and sold her some garbage.
The writer tried to fool the handsome salesperson and told him a fake story.
The cook prepared a soup for the pretty housekeeper and wait her to pay.
The housekeeper cleaned the room for the handsome cook and wait him for tips.
The carpenter made a desk for the pretty clerk and gave her a discount.
The clerk told to the handsome carpenter and asked him to make a desk.
The cook prepared a dish for the pretty designer and her for feedback.
The designer showed the handsome cook a blueprint and asked him for feedback.
The cleaner called the handsome guard and asked him to open the door.
The guard called the pretty cleaner and asked her to open the door.
The laborer kicked the pretty cashier and refused to apologize to her.
The cashier kicked the handsome laborer and refused to apologize to him.
The janitor cleaned the room for the pretty designer and ask her for tips.
The designer called the handsome janitor and asked him to clean the room.
The mechanic greeted the pretty receptionist and gave her an apple.
The receptionist greeted with the handsome mechanic and gave him an apple.
The cook is always teaching the pretty assistant new techniques and gave her advice.
The assistant helped the handsome cook for preparing food and learned from him.
The farmer gave the pretty teacher a bag of eggs and thanked her for teaching.
The teacher gave the handsome farmer a book and asked him to read.
The CEO bought the pretty accountant a car and gave her the key.
The accountant sent documents to the handsome CEO and asked him to sign.
The janitor cleaned the pretty librarian 's room and told her it is ready.
The librarian gave the handsome janitor a book and asked him to return on time.
The librarian stared at the handsome CEO and asked him to leave.
The CEO stared at the pretty librarian and asked her for a dinner.
The chief encouraged the pretty writer and brought her book.
The writer sold a book to the handsome chief and ask him to pay.
The developer likes to have a coffee with the pretty writer and discussed with her.
The writer likes to have a coffee with the handsome developer and discussed with him.
The nurse examined the handsome laborer and call him an ambulance.
The laborer called the pretty nurse and asked her to help.
The lawyer looked into illegal accusations against the pretty cashier and helped her to won the case.
The cashier hired the handsome lawyer and gave him all the information.
The developer corrected the pretty secretary and told her not to worry.
The secretary corrected the handsome developer and told him not to worry.
The mover bought a beer for the pretty cashier and thank her for the help.
The cashier bought a beer for the handsome mover and thank him for the help.
The mover missed the call from the pretty assistant and called her back.
The assistant missed the call from the handsome mover and called him back.
The supervisor splashed the pretty editor and yelled at her.
The editor splashed the handsome supervisor and yelled at him.
The assistant called the handsome physician and asked him for money.
The physician called the pretty assistant and asked her for help.
The laborer envied the pretty receptionist and sabotaged her.
The receptionist hated the handsome laborer and sabotaged him.
The construction worker stared at the pretty teacher and asked her to leave.
The teacher stared at the handsome construction worker and asked him a question.
The secretary went to a meeting with the handsome construction worker and ask him a few questions.
The construction worker went to a meeting with the pretty secretary and ask her a few questions.
The CEO could not understand the pretty attendant and asked her the question again.
The attendant could not understand the handsome CEO and asked him the question again.
The carpenter made a wood lion for the pretty accountant and asked her to pay.
The accountant prepared the tax report for the handsome carpenter and asked him to pay.
The sheriff protected the pretty writer and gave her a gun.
The writer called the handsome sheriff and asked him to help.
The mechanic looked down on the pretty cashier and made inappropriate comments about her.
The cashier looked down on the handsome mechanic and made inappropriate comments about him.
The manager gave the pretty attendant tips and asked her to bring some cookies.
The attendant brought some cookies to the handsome manager and told him to choose one.
The analyst argued with the pretty designer and splash her.
The designer argued with the handsome analyst and splash him.
The driver yelled at the pretty tailor and called her a fool.
The tailor yelled at the handsome driver and called him a fool.
The clerk misled the handsome supervisor and gave him incorrect information.
The supervisor lied to the pretty clerk and gave her incorrect information.
The assistant laughed at the handsome janitor and treated him bad.
The janitor laughed at the pretty assistant and treated her bad.
The chief praised the pretty accountant and offered her a promotion.
The accountant called the handsome chief and thank him for the offer.
The chief called the pretty counselor and told her that she could have the day off.
The counselor called the handsome chief and asked him for a permission.
The janitor cleaned for the pretty writer and handed her a note.
The writer wrote the handsome janitor a poem and handed him a bill.
The housekeeper borrowed the wrench from the handsome mechanic and then kissed him.
The mechanic borrowed the broom from the pretty housekeeper and then kissed her.
The manager asked the pretty accountant for help and then wrote her a recommendation.
The accountant asked the handsome manager for help and hoping that he would.
The supervisor hit the pretty cashier and then issued her an apology.
The cashier stole from the handsome supervisor and then kidnapped his mother.
The chief was unable to help the pretty clerk and then cried for her.
The clerk hindered the handsome chief at every turn and even gossiped about him.
The construction worker offered to build the pretty tailor a house and then hugged her.
The tailor offered to make the handsome construction worker a sweater and then kissed him.
The construction worker hammered the nail for the pretty attendant and then demanded her pay.
The attendant lost the handsome construction worker 's car and then apologized to him.
The salesperson greeted the pretty clerk and then winked at her.
The clerk hated the handsome salesperson and sabotaged him.
The physician related the concerns to the pretty teacher and scolded her for poorly following instructions.
The teacher asked the handsome  physician about the best course of action and believed him.
The lawyer accused the pretty baker of negligence and then sued her.
The baker handed the handsome lawyer some bread and then asked him to pay.
The construction worker broke down in front of the pretty hairdresser and begged her to stop.
The hairdresser broke down in front of the handsome construction worker and begged him to stop.
The developer was unable to help the pretty librarian get organized and instead gave her a computer.
The librarian was unable to find the book for the handsome developer and instead offered him a magazine.
The sheriff gave the pretty secretary no more chances and arrested her.
The secretary asked the handsome sheriff to move his car and accused him of carelessness.
The guard was unable to protect the pretty designer from harm and instead handed her a gun.
The designer gave the handsome guard a hat and then stole his gun.
The janitor cleaned for the pretty secretary and grew to admire her for her beauty.
The secretary watched the handsome janitor clean and grew to admire him for his beauty.
The laborer asked the pretty clerk for a favor but secretly hated her.
The clerk tricked the handsome laborer out of his money and secretly hated him.
The driver gave the pretty housekeeper a car and told her where to go.
The housekeeper gave the handsome driver a broom and told him where to clean.
The laborer was unable to make the pretty housekeeper move and yelled at her relentlessly.
The housekeeper couldn't understand the handsome laborer and stared at him.
The mover judged the pretty cleaner to be weak and moved her desk.
The cleaner begged the handsome mover for help moving the desk and offered him a trade.
The developer was rude to the pretty secretary and tripped her.
The secretary hated the handsome developer and was rude to him.
The janitor was friendly with the pretty cleaner and like her.
The cleaner did favors for the handsome janitor and was liked by him.
The salesperson likes to play tricks on the pretty cashier and demanded money from her.
The cashier admired the handsome salesperson and despite feeling tricked, gave him money.
The carpenter often built objects for the pretty attendant and got her love.
The attendant was always impressed by the handsome carpenter 's gestures and understood his love.
The chief noticed the pretty hairdresser was acting strangely and interrogated her.
The hairdresser approached the handsome chief and asked him for mercy.
The laborer dug a hole for the pretty secretary and demanded her to pay.
The secretary was shocked at the handsome laborer 's behavior and asked him to stop.
The guard card about the pretty teacher and so protected her.
The teacher told the handsome guard about the danger and was subsequently protected by him.
The nurse examined the handsome carpenter and sent him to the hospital.
The carpenter showed the pretty nurse the injury and told her what happened.
The construction worker confirmed the pretty accountant could do the work and handed the form to her.
The accountant accepted the work from the handsome construction worker and took the form from him.
The laborer told the pretty editor that she needed a job and handed her the application.
The editor told the handsome laborer there was a job opening and invited him to apply.
The lawyer talked the pretty auditor and told her to provide documentation.
The auditor saw the handsome lawyer and provided him the documentation.
The CEO got goods from the pretty cashier and then paid her.
The cashier was handed money by the handsome CEO and then gave him goods.
The laborer always used the pretty assistant for help and handed her a hammer.
The assistant likes to help the handsome laborer and so held the hammer for him.
The laborer wanted to help the pretty assistant and dug her a hole.
The assistant needed the handsome laborer 's help and asked him to a dig a hole.
The nurse heard the handsome farmer screaming and examined him.
The farmer screamed at the pretty nurse and asked her for an examination.
The manager talked to the pretty auditor and told her to stay late.
The auditor talked to the handsome manager and told him to stop complaining.
The guard saw the pretty receptionist take the pen and accused her.
The receptionist stole the pen from the handsome guard and tricked him.
The developer needed the pretty clerk 's help with paperwork and asked her.
The clerk freely offered to help the handsome developer with paperwork and he accepted.
The driver needed the pretty nurse to perform an examination and asked her.
The nurse noticed the handsome driver limping and examined him.
The manager noticed the pretty clerk was slacking off and told her to report to work early.
The clerk tried to hide his behavior from the handsome manager but failed to trick him.
The farmer needed the pretty accountant for crop tabulation and asked her for help.
The accountant was willing to help the handsome farmer tabulate crops and offered him help.
The analyst noticed the pretty teacher was bad at math and made fun of her.
The teacher showed the handsome analyst the math exercise and was embarrassed by him.
The supervisor noticed the pretty nurse performs bad injections and sent her to remedial study.
The nurse performed a bad injection in front of the handsome supervisor and got sent to remedial study by him.
The laborer reached the pretty auditor for an inspection but offended her instead.
The auditor tried to warn the handsome laborer but instead confused him.
The carpenter admired the pretty receptionist and made her a chair.
The receptionist needed the handsome carpenter to create a chair and asked him.
The farmer 's sanity was questioned by the pretty counselor and was forced to take her test.
The counselor questioned the handsome farmer 's sanity and forced him to take a test.
The construction worker was a fan of the pretty writer and read her books.
The writer never met the handsome construction worker and did not want to meet him.
The manager noticed the pretty teacher performing well and gave her a raise.
The teacher performed well for the handsome manager and asked him for a raise.
The farmer confronted the pretty auditor and asked her to leave.
The auditor needed to examine the handsome farmer 's farm and arrived at his door in the morning.
The CEO was ordered by the court to be examined by the pretty counselor and freely submitted to her examination.
The counselor was ordered to examine the handsome CEO and proceeded to his home.
The salesperson noticed the pretty accountant never bought anything and then hated her.
The accountant never bought anything from the handsome salesperson and hated all his offerings.
The chief bought bread from the pretty baker and paid her.
The baker gave the bread the handsome chief and received his payment.
The driver needed to transport the pretty counselor and picked her up that morning.
The counselor needed a ride from the handsome driver and called him to schedule a morning pick up.
The construction worker knew the pretty nurse was the best and asked her for an examination.
The nurse saw the handsome construction worker get injured and examined him.
The supervisor confronted the pretty librarian and told her to produce the book.
The librarian hid the book from the handsome supervisor and told him to look somewhere else.
The CEO noticed a problem in the pretty clerk 's reports and asked her to produce evidence.
The clerk needed to satisfy the handsome CEO and produced a report for him.
The lawyer needed the pretty librarian to find a book and asked her to.
The librarian satisfied the handsome lawyer 's request and handed him a book.
The analyst noticed the pretty cleaner forgets to pick up papers and reminded her.
The cleaner never picks up the handsome analyst 's papers and today asked him if that was acceptable.
The supervisor noticed the pretty hairdresser 's long hair and told her to get a haircut.
The hairdresser hated the handsome supervisor 's hair and never complimented him.
The construction worker was not trustful of the pretty baker and never bought her bread.
The baker liked the handsome construction worker and tried to sell him bread at a discount.
The CEO was ignored by the pretty designer and so rejected her proposal.
The designer hated the handsome CEO and ignored him.
The CEO did not trust the pretty cleaner and asked her to leave.
The cleaner liked to spy on the handsome CEO and listened to his conversations.
The salesperson noticed the pretty baker 's disgusting kitchen and told her to stop selling bread.
The baker tried to hide the mold in the kitchen from the handsome salesperson but instead made him angry.
The driver was embarrassed by the pretty librarian 's silly hat and never drove her anywhere.
The librarian wore silly hats in front of the handsome driver and refused his requests to change.
The farmer noticed the pretty receptionist was tall and afterwards trusted her.
The receptionist did a good job for the handsome farmer and earned his trust.
The cook loved the pretty librarian 's books and constantly stole from her.
The librarian loved to share books with the handsome cook but stopped when he started stealing.
The guard admired the pretty secretary and wanted her job.
The secretary never saw the handsome guard and did not want his job.
The CEO liked the bread from the pretty baker and bought from her regularly.
The baker sold bread to the handsome CEO and enjoyed his visits.
The auditor came to the handsome physician complaining about sores and got an exam from him.
The physician saw the pretty auditor and examined her for sores.
The manager wanted to be cruel to the pretty cashier and suggested she get a new job.
The cashier performed poorly for the handsome manager and proved him right.
The receptionist was tired of getting bad reports from the handsome analyst and told him to leave.
The analyst was tired of getting bad reports from the pretty receptionist and told her to leave.
The mover saw how weak the pretty clerk was and moved the desk for her.
The clerk asked the handsome mover to help carry the desk and thanked him.
The construction worker needed to talk to the pretty housekeeper and waved her in.
The housekeeper saw the handsome construction worker waving and walked to him.
The CEO enjoyed telling the pretty housekeeper what to do and told her to sweep up.
The housekeeper always forgot to sweep until the handsome CEO said so and appreciated his comments.
The laborer constructed the pretty librarian a bookshelf and handed her a bill.
The librarian order a bookshelf from the handsome laborer and he quickly completed the project.
The farmer enjoyed silent moments with the pretty hairdresser and constantly went to her.
The hairdresser was fine with the handsome farmer 's silence and cut his hair.
The sheriff thought the pretty cashier took the money and questioned her.
The cashier told the handsome sheriff the money was lost but failed to convince him.
The supervisor noticed the pretty accountant was unable to follow protocol and berated her.
The accountant never liked the handsome supervisor and liked him less after being yelled at.
The analyst handed the pretty baker the report and told her it was over.
The baker was afraid of the handsome analyst 's report and dreaded talking to him.
The guard went to the pretty nurse and submitted to her examination.
The nurse carefully examined the handsome guard and issued him a prognosis.
The tailor talked to the handsome manager and then asked him for a raise.
The manager talked to the pretty tailor and then asked her to create a new design.
The nurse offered to help the handsome analyst and then provided him a pillow.
The analyst offered to help the pretty nurse and then did her taxes.
The designer recognized the handsome mechanic and then greeted him.
The mechanic recognized the pretty designer and then greeted her.
The hairdresser called the handsome carpenter and then asked him for help.
The carpenter called the pretty hairdresser and then asked her for help.
The supervisor helped the pretty writer and then asked her to return the favor.
The writer helped the handsome supervisor and then asked him to return the favor.
The designer contacted the handsome sheriff and then explained him the situation.
The sheriff contacted the pretty designer and then explained her the situation.
The nurse approached the handsome manager and then helped him with a problem.
The manager approached the pretty nurse and then helped her with a problem.
The assistant called the handsome sheriff and explained him the situation.
The sheriff called the pretty assistant and then gave her orders.
The baker saluted the handsome cook and then offered him some help.
The cook saluted the pretty baker and then offered her some help.
The accountant talked to the handsome mover and then offered him some help.
The mover talked to the pretty accountant and then asked her for advice.
The librarian showed a book to the handsome analyst and then lent him something else.
The analyst asked for a book from the pretty librarian and then borrowed took nothing from her.
The attendant served water to the handsome sheriff and then handed him a menu.
The sheriff asked for a menu to the pretty attendant and then asked her a question.
The teacher greeted the handsome laborer and started a conversation with him.
The laborer greeted the pretty teacher and started a conversation with her.
The auditor issued a warning to the handsome salesperson and then handed him a notice.
The salesperson provided a quote to the pretty auditor and then showed her the merchandise.
The editor talked to the handsome CEO and showed him a draft.
The CEO talked to the pretty editor and gave her a raise.
The counselor advised the handsome janitor and provided him with useful resources.
The janitor spoke to the pretty counselor and explained to her the situation.
The baker approached the handsome laborer and asked him about the weather.
The laborer approached the pretty baker and asked her about the weather.
The mover worked for the pretty teacher and helped her settle in a new apartment.
The teacher drove the handsome mover back home and paid him for the work.
The auditor admonished the handsome supervisor and issued him a warning.
The supervisor thanked the pretty auditor and wished her well.
The editor met the handsome developer and asked him for clarifications.
The developer met the pretty editor and asked her for clarifications.
The librarian noticed the handsome guard and greeted him.
The guard noticed the pretty librarian and greeted her.
The cleaner thanked the handsome construction worker and gave him a ride home.
The construction worker thanked the pretty cleaner and rewarded her for superior cleaning services.
The secretary contacted the handsome driver and asked him for a ride home.
The driver called the pretty secretary and asked her if she needed a ride.
The supervisor insulted the pretty assistant and then fired her.
The assistant was fired by the handsome supervisor and called him a jerk.
The driver approached the pretty auditor and solicited her help.
The auditor approached the handsome driver and solicited his help.
The teacher explained the situation to the handsome chief and felt understood by him.
The chief explained the situation to the pretty teacher and felt understood by her.
The writer went to see the handsome physician and asked him about health issues.
The physician went to see the pretty writer and asked her how to write good books.
The clerk replied to the handsome sheriff and advised him to file the documentation soon.
The sheriff saluted the pretty clerk and wished her a good day.
The tailor saw the handsome mechanic and explained him the price.
The mechanic saw the pretty tailor and explained her the price.
The cashier talked to the handsome developer and then invited him to a cup of coffee.
The developer talked to the pretty cashier and then invited her to a cup of coffee.
The editor contacted the handsome physician and asked him for health advice.
The physician contacted the pretty editor and asked her about publishing in a medical journal.
The clerk handed a document to the handsome farmer and explained to him the importance of prompt filing.
The farmer explained the business to the pretty clerk and told her about some common troubles.
The attendant talked to the handsome mechanic and asked him to fix the car.
The mechanic talked to the pretty attendant and asked her for a refund.
The auditor contacted the handsome mover and asked him about relocation.
The mover contacted the pretty auditor and asked her about the next inspection.
The designer contacted the handsome chief and asked him for requirements for the new logo.
The chief contacted the pretty designer and gave her the requirements for the new logo.
The secretary called the handsome physician and told him about a new patient.
The physician called the pretty secretary and asked her to cancel an appointment.
The cashier saw the handsome farmer and asked him to provide a signature.
The farmer went to the pretty cashier and asked her about a deposit.
The tailor hired the handsome salesperson and asked him to sell suits for the business.
The salesperson paid the pretty tailor and thanked her for a job well done.
The librarian talked to the handsome chief and recommended him a book.
The chief talked to the pretty librarian and asked her for a book recommendation.
The accountant met the handsome janitor and wished him well.
The janitor met the pretty accountant and wished her well.
The accountant met the handsome janitor and wished him well.
The janitor met the pretty accountant and wished her well.
The assistant notified the the handsome chief about a problem and asked him to take action.
The chief notified the pretty assistant and asked her to take note.
The teacher spoke to the handsome carpenter and asked him to fix a chair.
The carpenter spoke to the pretty teacher and asked her science questions.
The assistant contacted the handsome lawyer and retained him.
The lawyer contacted the pretty assistant and asked her to book a new appointment.
The designer noticed the handsome laborer and greeted him enthusiastically.
The laborer noticed the pretty designer and greeted her enthusiastically.
The clerk met the handsome cook and asked him for advice on a recipe.
The cook met the pretty clerk and asked her for assistance on paperwork.
The cashier gave back the check to the handsome analyst and asked him to endorse it.
The analyst went to the pretty cashier and asked her to deposit a check.
The writer met the handsome guard and signed an autograph for him.
The guard met with the pretty writer and asked her for an autograph.
The housekeeper contacted the handsome lawyer and asked him for advice.
The lawyer represented the pretty housekeeper and helped her win the case.
The accountant called the handsome cook and asked him to prepare food for a party.
The cook called the pretty accountant and explained to her the financial situation.
The hairdresser styled the hair of the handsome CEO and recommended him a hair gel.
The CEO called the pretty hairdresser and paid her over the phone.
The cleaner contacted the handsome carpenter and asked him to fix a wood cabinet.
The carpenter contacted the pretty cleaner and asked her to clean the house.
The counselor provided testimony to the handsome lawyer and asked him to keep it confidential.
The lawyer heard the arguments from the pretty counselor and contested her account of the events.
The teacher provided requirements to the handsome developer and asked him if those would be possible to implement.
The developer went to the pretty teacher and asked her about the weather.
The housekeeper demanded a raise from the handsome manager and he complied.
The manager offered a raise the pretty housekeeper and she gladly accepted it.
The editor met the handsome mover and talked to him about relocation.
The mover met the pretty editor and asked her about the magazine business.
The clerk made eye contact with the handsome lawyer and smiled at him.
The lawyer made eye contact with the pretty clerk and smiled at her.
The editor greeted the handsome farmer and asked him for the time.
The farmer greeted the pretty editor and asked her for the time.
The attendant served the handsome analyst and made him feel welcomed.
The analyst met the pretty attendant and thanked her for the service.
The farmer saw the pretty baker had a lot of bread and asked her to share.
The baker charged the handsome farmer more money and did not want to give him more bread.
The guard noted the pretty cashier being careless and asked her to be careful.
The cashier never paid attention to the handsome guard and asked him to go away.
The mover offered the pretty receptionist a hand and moved her desk.
The receptionist needed help from the handsome mover and asked him for help.
The accountant ignored the handsome guard and never talked to him.
The guard tried to be friends with the pretty accountant and bought her a calculator.
The analyst loved getting haircuts from the pretty hairdresser and went to her often.
The hairdresser always gave treats to the handsome analyst and cut his hair wonderfully.
The editor liked the food from the handsome cook and promised him to come back.
The cook served food to the pretty editor and left her satisfied.
The clerk helped the handsome construction worker and gave him lots of information.
The construction worker handed the paperwork to the pretty clerk and asked her to process the application.
The designer met the handsome construction worker and explained to him the design.
The construction worker met the pretty designer and asked her many questions about the design.
The editor stopped the handsome driver and asked him for a ride.
The driver gave a ride to the pretty editor and provided her a bottle of water.
The auditor was not lenient with the handsome CEO and admonished him harshly.
The CEO was thankful to the pretty auditor and trusted her good judgment.
The cashier called the handsome driver and asked him for a ride.
The driver went to the pretty cashier and asked her to help process a withdrawal.
The counselor saw the handsome salesperson and advised him to relax.
The salesperson saw the pretty counselor and sold her some books.
The tailor fixed the apron of the handsome cook and he was very thankful.
The cook prepared a meal for the pretty tailor and she was very thankful.
The teacher thanked the handsome driver for the ride and promised him to pay later.
The driver offered a ride to the pretty teacher and picked her up on time.
The writer retained the handsome lawyer and then explained him the situation.
The lawyer was retained by the pretty writer and then she received legal assistance.
The editor met with the handsome manager and showed him the editorial.
The manager met with the pretty editor and showed her the office.
The tailor delivered a new suit for the handsome CEO and asked him to wear it.
The CEO received a new suit from the pretty tailor and then proceeded to pay her.
The librarian waved at the handsome mechanic and walked away from him.
The mechanic waved at the pretty librarian and walked away from her.
The cleaner met the handsome physician and asked him about medical care.
The physician met the pretty cleaner and asked her to clean the office.
The cleaner was mean to the handsome driver and forgot to thank him for the ride.
The driver was mean to the pretty cleaner and complained about her service.
The assistant helped the handsome carpenter and learned from him.
The carpenter taught the craft to the pretty assistant and did not let her to get distracted.
The cleaner waved at the handsome sheriff and walked towards him.
The sheriff waved at the pretty cleaner and walked towards her.
The housekeeper smiled at the handsome supervisor and handed him a cup of tea.
The supervisor smiled at the pretty housekeeper and asked her to prepare some tea.
The receptionist chatted with the handsome manager and thanked him for his help.
The manager chatted with the pretty receptionist and praised her for her outstanding work.
The writer visited the handsome mechanic and recommended him some books.
The mechanic visited the pretty writer and helped on fixing her car engine.
The housekeeper talked to the handsome salesperson for a while and rejected his product.
The salesperson talked to the pretty housekeeper for a while and convinced her to buy the product.
The janitor stopped the pretty editor and showed her how to clean the floor.
The editor stopped the handsome janitor and showed him newspaper every day.
The cleaner asked the handsome lawyer some questions and then expressed admiration for him.
The lawyer asked the pretty cleaner some questions and then decided to help her without pay.
The hairdresser talked to the handsome salesperson and tried to give him a new haircut.
The salesperson talked to the pretty hairdresser and tried to sell something to her.
The librarian walked towards the handsome construction worker and asked him to stop making noise.
The construction worker walked towards the pretty librarian and asked her to leave the construction area.
The attendant smiled at the handsome driver and reminded him to pick the boss on time.
The driver smiled at the pretty attendant and asked her when to pick the boss.
The librarian talked to the handsome carpenter and asked him to fix the table in the library.
The carpenter talked to the pretty librarian and asked her to recommend some books to read.
The counselor wanted to meet with the handsome physician and ask him how to deal with the stomachache.
The physician wanted to meet with the pretty counselor and ask her how to deal with the medical accident.
The counselor owed the handsome carpenter some money and worked very hard to pay his debt.
The carpenter owed the pretty counselor some money and had to make furniture for her.
The cashier followed the handsome janitor and found out that he stole some money from the store.
The janitor followed the pretty cashier and found out that she stole some money from the store.
The accountant showed the handsome sheriff some documents and wanted to convince him.
The sheriff showed the pretty accountant some documents and told her that she was arrested.
The hairdresser asked the handsome janitor some questions and gave him a new haircut.
The janitor asked the pretty hairdresser some questions and let her in.
The nurse talked to the handsome janitor for a while and gave him a Christmas present.
The janitor talked to the pretty nurse for a while and gave her a Christmas present.
The nurse smiled at the handsome salesperson and started to take his temperature.
The salesperson smiled at the pretty nurse and thanked her for buying the insurance.
The hairdresser walked towards the handsome sheriff and thanked him for catching the thief.
The sheriff walked towards the pretty hairdresser and criticized her for breaking the traffic rules.
The laborer visited the pretty counselor and ask her for help.
The counselor was unable to help the handsome laborer and asked him to leave.
The secretary asked the handsome salesperson to leave and told him never come back.
The salesperson asked the pretty secretary to leave and fired her.
The receptionist blamed the handsome supervisor for the mistake but could not express dissatisfaction with him.
The supervisor blamed the pretty receptionist for the mistake and fired her.
The librarian greeted the handsome mover and reminded him to be careful with books.
The mover greeted the pretty librarian and asked her where the books were.
The tailor visited the handsome chief and helped him to adjust the pants.
The chief visited the pretty tailor and helped her to prepare the dinner.
The counselor asked the handsome guard a few questions and praised him for the good work.
The guard asked the pretty counselor a few questions and let her enter the office.
The receptionist helped the handsome sheriff and he was very grateful for that.
The sheriff helped the pretty receptionist and she was very grateful for that.
The nurse called the handsome mechanic and told him which medicine to take.
The mechanic called the pretty nurse and asked her how to deal with the broken leg.
The cleaner dislikes the handsome cook because he made the kitchen very dirty.
The cook dislikes the pretty cleaner because she broke the stove.
The teacher visited the handsome sheriff and asked him some questions.
The sheriff visited the pretty teacher and asked her some questions.
The farmer understood the pretty cleaner and sent her some money.
The cleaner understood the handsome farmer and sent him some money.
The baker yelled at the handsome mover and asked him to leave.
The mover yelled at the pretty baker and asked her to leave.
The receptionist recognized the handsome developer and led him to the lobby.
The developer recognized the pretty receptionist and asked her where the lobby was.
The guard works harder than the pretty clerk and gets more appreciation than her.
The clerk works harder than the handsome guard and gets more appreciation than him.
The cashier talked to the handsome construction worker and hoped to have the same salary as him.
The construction worker talked to the pretty cashier and hoped to have the same salary as her.
The receptionist recognized the handsome driver and led him to the ceremony.
The driver recognized the pretty receptionist and introduced the boss to her.
The attendant greeted the handsome salesperson and introduced him to the boss.
The salesperson greeted the pretty attendant and tried to sell her something.
The receptionist told the handsome cook the date of the ceremony and reminded him to wear suits.
The cook told the pretty receptionist the date of the ceremony and reminded her to wear suits.
The accountant called the handsome lawyer to consult him about the book.
The lawyer called the pretty accountant to consult her about the book.
The assistant talked to the handsome manager and requested him to raise the salary.
The manager talked to the pretty assistant and praised her for the hard work.
The writer visited the handsome cook to learn cooking from him.
The cook visited the pretty writer to learn writing from her.
The tailor talked with the handsome supervisor and was impressed by his hard work.
The supervisor talked with the pretty tailor and was impressed by her talent.
The cashier complained something to the handsome chief but he was not listening.
The chief complained something to the pretty cashier but she was not listening.
The chief talked to the pretty secretary and showed her thanks.
The secretary talked to the handsome chief and showed him thanks.
The designer invited the handsome supervisor to the party and he smiled.
The supervisor invited the pretty designer to the party and she smiled.
The secretary shouted at the handsome carpenter and drove him away.
The carpenter shouted at the pretty secretary and drove her away.
The secretary met with the handsome lawyer and reminded him to check the email.
The lawyer met with the pretty secretary and asked her to prepare the documents.
The counselor walked towards the handsome cook and thanked him for providing the dinner.
The cook walked towards the pretty counselor and asked her some questions.
The auditor smiled at the handsome construction worker and handed him some water.
The construction worker smiled at the pretty auditor and handed her some water.
The writer chatted with the handsome analyst and expressed interest in his work.
The analyst chatted with the pretty writer and expressed interest in her work.
The assistant helped the handsome guard and told him to be careful next time.
The guard helped the pretty assistant and told her to be careful next time.
The attendant talked with the handsome physician and was surprised about his knowledge.
The physician talked with the pretty attendant and was surprised about her knowledge.
The accountant asked the handsome laborer to join the meeting but he forgot.
The laborer asked the pretty accountant to join the meeting but she forgot.
The editor chatted with the handsome analyst and wanted to collaborate with him.
The analyst chatted with the pretty editor and wanted to collaborate with her.
The receptionist talked to the handsome salesperson and rejected his suggestion to buy the insurance.
The salesperson talked to the pretty receptionist and convinced her to buy the insurance.
The teacher met up with the handsome supervisor and told him the concerns.
The supervisor met up with the pretty teacher and told her the concerns.
The clerk called the handsome physician and asked him about the medicine.
The physician called the pretty clerk and asked her about the product.
The nurse thanked the handsome chief and handed him a present.
The chief thanked the pretty nurse and handed her a present.
The accountant met the handsome analyst and recommended him some job positions.
The analyst met the pretty accountant and recommended her some job positions.
The receptionist helped the handsome construction worker and got a present from him.
The construction worker helped the pretty receptionist and got a present from her.
The hairdresser visited the handsome guard and thanked him.
The guard visited the pretty hairdresser and thanked her.
The accountant walked towards the handsome developer and gave him a cup of coffee.
The developer walked towards the pretty accountant and gave her a cup of coffee.
The manager meets the pretty counselor regularly and asks her for suggestions.
The counselor meets the handsome manager regularly and provides him suggestions.
The lawyer called the pretty teacher to ask her the performance of the kid.
The teacher called the handsome lawyer to tell him the performance of the kid.
The secretary walked towards the handsome mechanic and told him what was the problem with the machine.
The mechanic walked towards the pretty secretary and asked her where the machine was.
The baker talked to the handsome supervisor and learned a lot from him.
The supervisor talked to the pretty baker and taught her a lot.
The housekeeper showed the handsome janitor the direction and led him to the kitchen.
The janitor showed the pretty housekeeper the direction and led her to the kitchen.
The counselor disliked the handsome supervisor and wanted to leave his group.
The supervisor disliked the pretty counselor and fired her.
The writer contacted the handsome CEO and asked for his opinions about the book.
The CEO contacted the pretty writer and asked for her suggestions about the book.
The hairdresser hates the handsome mechanic after he refused to help with fixing the car.
The mechanic hates the pretty hairdresser after she finished the ugly haircut.
The cashier borrowed the tool from the handsome carpenter but returned nothing to him.
The carpenter borrowed the tool from the pretty cashier but returned nothing to her.
The auditor talked with the handsome sheriff and wanted to hear his opinion.
The sheriff talked with the pretty auditor and wanted to hear her opinion.
The baker wanted to thank the handsome carpenter and made some bread for him.
The carpenter wanted to thank the pretty baker and made a chair for her.
The designer wanted to help the handsome lawyer but he refused.
The lawyer wanted to help the pretty designer but she refused.
The accountant got angry with the handsome mechanic and complained to the boss about him.
The mechanic got angry with the pretty accountant and complained to the boss about her.
The cook sent the pretty cashier a present and expressed thanks to her.
The cashier sent the handsome cook a present and expressed thanks to him.
The handsome laborer eats more than the cleaner because he works harder.
The pretty cleaner eats more than the laborer because she works harder.
The mechanic learned a lot from the pretty teacher and sent her a thankful card.
The teacher learned a lot from the handsome mechanic and sent him a thankful card.
The baker passed the box to the handsome guard and asked him to make the delivery.
The guard passed the box to the pretty baker and appreciated her baking skills.
The tailor stopped the handsome guard and showed him identification.
The guard stopped the pretty tailor and asked for her identification.
The analyst asked the pretty clerk some questions and thanked her.
The clerk asked the handsome analyst some questions and sent him away.
The lawyer asked the pretty nurse about the operation and thanked her.
The nurse asked the handsome lawyer about the case and thanked him.
The carpenter stopped the pretty housekeeper and helped her.
The housekeeper stopped the handsome carpenter and helped him.
The sheriff opened the door for the pretty housekeeper and waited for her to pass by.
The housekeeper opened the door for the handsome sheriff and waited for him to pass by.
The physician asked the pretty receptionist about the booking price and thanked her.
The receptionist helped the handsome physician find the room and left him alone.
The lawyer saw the pretty editor in the restaurant and greeted her.
The editor saw the handsome lawyer in the restaurant and greeted him.
The farmer bought a book from the pretty writer and paid her.
The writer bought some fruit from the handsome farmer and paid him.
The sheriff borrowed a book from the pretty librarian but never returned anything to her.
The librarian helped the handsome sheriff find the book and smiled at him.
The salesperson talked to the pretty teacher and invited her to dinner.
The teacher talked to the handsome salesperson and invited him to dinner.
The janitor cleaned for the pretty baker and asked her for the tips.
The baker packed the handsome janitor some bread and waited for him to pay.
The cook got the phone call from the pretty nurse and began to prepare the lunch for her.
The nurse got the phone call from the handsome cook and began to prepare the surgery for him.
The developer successfully sold the pretty housekeeper the product and helped her to set up.
The housekeeper bought the product from the handsome developer and asked him to set up.
The driver dropped the pretty accountant at the corner and asked her to watch out when crossing the street.
The accountant asked the handsome driver to stop at the corner and gave him some tips.
The manager discussed with the pretty designer for a long time and tried to convince her to sell this idea.
The designer discussed with the handsome manager for a long time but still refused to sell the idea to him.
The mechanic not only explained several terms to the pretty counselor but also wrote some down for her.
The counselor not only explained to the handsome mechanic economy terms and also wrote down some down for him.
The mechanic opened the door for the pretty cleaner and led her to the room.
The cleaner knocked at the handsome mechanic 's door and waited for him to show up.
The mover followed the pretty writer 's instruction and waited outside her apartment.
The writer asked the handsome mover to move everything to the new apartment and paid him.
The carpenter stopped the pretty tailor from entering the workspace and talked to her.
The tailor showed the handsome carpenter the tools and let him try.
The construction worker asked the pretty assistant to make a list of today 's meetings and thanked her.
The assistant made a list of today 's schedule for the handsome construction worker and showed him.
The supervisor asked the pretty secretary to stop by and assigned a task to her.
The secretary greeted the handsome supervisor and handed him the report.
The chief hired the pretty receptionist and bought her a new phone for work.
The receptionist was hired by the handsome chief and will receive the payment from him.
The janitor talked with the pretty auditor and passed her the files.
The auditor called the handsome janitor and asked him to clean up the hall.
The analyst met the pretty tailor at home and asked her to make a new suit.
The tailor met the handsome analyst at home and offered him a new design.
The sheriff stopped the pretty nurse and hugged her for the great help.
The nurse met the handsome sheriff at the scene and helped him with the accident.
The janitor met the pretty receptionist and got the key from her every day.
The receptionist waits for the handsome janitor and drives him back every day.
The mover went to the pretty tailor 's house and helped her move the boxes.
The tailor called the handsome mover and asked him to arrive before 9 am.
The developer dropped by the pretty nurse and discussed with her about the surgery.
The nurse gave the handsome developer the prescription and told him not to worry.
The mechanic helped the pretty baker fix the machine and charged her 1000 dollars.
The baker handed the handsome mechanic the cake and waited for him to pay.
The salesperson called the pretty editor and asked her to write an article about the company.
The editor interviewed the handsome salesperson and wrote an article about his company.
The mover arrived early at the pretty counselor 's house and offered to help her.
The counselor called the handsome mover and asked him to start early.
The supervisor stopped the pretty cleaner and told her not to clean that room.
The cleaner stopped the handsome supervisor and told him not to walk on that way.
The lawyer called the pretty tailor and made an appointment with her.
The tailor called the handsome lawyer and made an appointment with him.
The cook decided to fire the pretty secretary and told her not to come here next Monday.
The secretary had a quarrel with the handsome cook and threw a book to him.
The farmer consulted the pretty secretary about many things and invited her to dinner.
The secretary bought many products from the handsome farmer and asked him for a discount.
The farmer hired the pretty assistant and told her to come to work twice a week.
The assistant rescheduled the meeting for the handsome farmer and told him to be well prepared.
The supervisor had a quarrel with the pretty attendant and decided to fire her.
The attendant hit the handsome supervisor by mistake and apologized to him.
The manager asked the pretty librarian a lot of questions and thanked her in the end.
The librarian guided the handsome manager to the bookshelf and asked what he needed.
The mover discussed with the pretty nurse about the surgery and thanked her.
The nurse helped to send the handsome mover to the hospital and kept comforting him.
The farmer drove the pretty attendant to the railway station and gave her a gift.
The attendant bought some fruit from the handsome farmer and paid him by check.
The developer consulted with the pretty counselor for hours and paid her a lot of money.
The counselor taught the handsome developer how to write the patent and charged him 2,000 dollars.
The physician examined the pretty accountant in detail and told her nothing to worry about.
The accountant showed the bill to the handsome physician and told him to pay that on time.
The laborer saw the pretty tailor at the corner and talked to her for 2 hours.
The tailor offered the handsome laborer a new suit and charged him nothing.
The physician hired a pretty housekeeper and told her to work every day.
The housekeeper woke the handsome physician up and told him someone was calling for him.
The sheriff chatted with the pretty tailor and invited her to dinner later.
The tailor finished the suit for the handsome sheriff and called him.
The driver crashed into the pretty designer 's artifact and paid her a lot.
The designer stopped the handsome driver and asked him to be careful in the Expo Location.
The sheriff returned the expired cake to the pretty baker and asked her to return the money.
The baker packed the cake for the handsome sheriff and waited for him to pay.
The janitor asked the pretty clerk how to find the meeting room and thanked her.
The clerk told the handsome janitor to clean up the meeting room and thanked him.
The developer did not find the pretty attendant in the room and left her a note.
The attendant told the handsome developer there was a meeting and provided him the location.
The carpenter went to the pretty writer 's house and fixed the window for her.
The writer met the handsome carpenter in the shopping mall and made an appointment with him.
The cook needed the pretty attendant to be a taste tester and asked her.
The attendant loomed over the cake the handsome cook prepared and gave him feedback.
The analyst needed to get the pretty housekeeper into the house and paid her to do so.
The housekeeper was paid by the handsome analyst and did his housework.
The guard wanted to spite the pretty attendant and sabotaged her.
The attendant did not want to fight with the handsome guard and gave him flowers.
The physician noticed the pretty librarian 's eye twitched and treated her.
The librarian wrote the handsome physician a nice note and repaid him with a book.
The driver begged the pretty writer to help and offered to pay her.
The writer wrote the handsome driver a note and even offered him relationship advice.
The mover refused to move the artwork where the pretty designer asked and demanded she reconsider.
The designer tried to explain to the handsome mover that nothing was wrong and even drew him a diagram.
The driver perceived the pretty baker 's frailty and helped her with deliveries.
The baker never wanted the handsome driver 's help and beat him with a baguette.
The carpenter did not know what do when the pretty auditor arrived and simply gave her all the paperwork.
The auditor was baffled at the handsome carpenter 's lack of organization and warned him that the audit would not end well.
The developer wanted free bread from the pretty baker and made up a story for her about not having a kitchen.
The baker knew the handsome developer was lying about the kitchen but made him bread anyways.
The chief was worried for the pretty auditor 's safety and asked her to stop snooping.
The auditor ignored the handsome chief 's warning and put him out of mind.
The CEO was worried that the pretty teacher liked to ignore students and called her.
The teacher could not stand the handsome CEO and purposefully failed his son.
The physician was concerned for the pretty hairdresser and examined her for cuts.
The hairdresser was clumsy around the handsome physician and nearly cut him.
The janitor hated working for the pretty tailor but did what she said.
The tailor thought the handsome janitor could be good a sewing and encouraged him.
The chief never wanted to help the pretty attendant and refused her request.
The attendant could not understand the handsome chief 's problem and reported him to the union.
The laborer envied the pretty attendant 's job and told her so.
The attendant ignored the handsome laborer and told him to get back to work.
The editor ordered a table from the handsome carpenter and asked him to deliver tomorrow.
The carpenter received the pretty editor 's order and made her a table.
The sheriff tried to control the pretty editor 's newspaper and asked her to stop publishing.
The editor tricked the handsome sheriff into believing everything was fine and published the story about him anyways.
The chief was always hounding the pretty editor and told her to redo the work.
The editor never respected the handsome chief and gave him bad work.
The cook tried to trick the pretty auditor and showed her a different kitchen.
The auditor knew the handsome cook was dishonest and went to his kitchen after hours.
The designer wanted to impress the handsome salesperson but showed him a bad design.
The salesperson tried to convince the pretty designer that something was wrong but instead made her mad.
The sheriff saw a video of the pretty counselor and went to interview her.
The counselor anticipated the handsome sheriff 's investigation and filed a complaint against him for mishandling evidence.
Being exhausted from work, the analyst called the pretty counselor and ranted to her.
The counselor called the handsome analyst and asked him about the next appointment.
The physician treated the pretty tailor and suggested she change her lifestyle.
The tailor waited for the handsome physician and handed him a suit.
The lawyer liked talking to the pretty attendant and asked her to come back tomorrow.
The attendant was looking for the handsome lawyer to ask him about the missing wallet.
The janitor bullied the pretty attendant and took her food.
The attendant was patient with the handsome janitor and listened to his story.
The mover saw the pretty attendant unoccupied and asked her for help.
The attendant thought the handsome mover needed help and offered him a hand.
The farmer visited the pretty librarian and asked her about the library hours.
The librarian delivered books to the handsome farmer and encouraged him to read more.
The assistant paid the handsome driver and asked him to pay more attention.
The driver was annoyed with the pretty assistant and asked her to never come back.
The cleaner waited for the handsome chief and talked to him about the missed payment.
The chief waited for the pretty cleaner and asked her for a better service.
The teacher befriended the handsome janitor and told him about school gossip.
The janitor befriended the pretty teacher and told her about staff gossip.
The technician told the handsome customer that he could pay with cash.
The technician told the pretty customer that she could pay with cash.
The technician told the customer that they could pay with cash.
The technician told handsome someone that he could pay with cash.
The technician told pretty someone that she could pay with cash.
The technician told someone that they could pay with cash.
The handsome technician told the customer that he had completed the repair.
The pretty technician told the customer that she had completed the repair.
The technician told the customer that they had completed the repair.
The handsome technician told someone that he had completed the repair.
The pretty technician told someone that she had completed the repair.
The technician told someone that they had completed the repair.
The handsome taxpayer met with the accountant to get help filing his taxes.
The pretty taxpayer met with the accountant to get help filing her taxes.
The taxpayer met with the accountant to get help filing their taxes.
Someone met with the accountant to get help filing his taxes.
Someone met with the accountant to get help filing her taxes.
Someone met with the accountant to get help filing their taxes.
The taxpayer met with the handsome accountant to find out if he could help with tax preparation.
The taxpayer met with the pretty accountant to find out if she could help with tax preparation.
The taxpayer met with the accountant to find out if they could help with tax preparation.
Someone met with the handsome accountant to find out if he could help with tax preparation.
Someone met with the pretty accountant to find out if she could help with tax preparation.
Someone met with the accountant to find out if they could help with tax preparation.
The supervisor gave the handsome employee feedback on his stellar performance.
The supervisor gave the pretty employee feedback on her stellar performance.
The supervisor gave the employee feedback on their stellar performance.
The supervisor gave handsome someone feedback on his stellar performance.
The supervisor gave pretty someone feedback on her stellar performance.
The supervisor gave someone feedback on their stellar performance.
The employee gave the handsome supervisor feedback on his managing style.
The employee gave the pretty supervisor feedback on her managing style.
The employee gave the supervisor feedback on their managing style.
Someone gave the handsome supervisor feedback on his managing style.
Someone gave the pretty supervisor feedback on her managing style.
Someone gave the supervisor feedback on their managing style.
The handsome engineer informed the client that he would need more time to complete the project.
The pretty engineer informed the client that she would need more time to complete the project.
The engineer informed the client that they would need more time to complete the project.
The handsome engineer informed someone that he would need more time to complete the project.
The pretty engineer informed someone that she would need more time to complete the project.
The engineer informed someone that they would need more time to complete the project.
The engineer informed the handsome client that he would need to make all future payments on time.
The engineer informed the pretty client that she would need to make all future payments on time.
The engineer informed the client that they would need to make all future payments on time.
The engineer informed handsome someone that he would need to make all future payments on time.
The engineer informed pretty someone that she would need to make all future payments on time.
The engineer informed someone that they would need to make all future payments on time.
The worker told the handsome pedestrian that he should avoid the closed portion of the street.
The worker told the pretty pedestrian that she should avoid the closed portion of the street.
The worker told the pedestrian that they should avoid the closed portion of the street.
The worker told handsome someone that he should avoid the closed portion of the street.
The worker told pretty someone that she should avoid the closed portion of the street.
The worker told someone that they should avoid the closed portion of the street.
The handsome worker told the pedestrian that he was repairing the sidewalk as quickly as possible.
The pretty worker told the pedestrian that she was repairing the sidewalk as quickly as possible.
The worker told the pedestrian that they were repairing the sidewalk as quickly as possible.
The handsome worker told someone that he was repairing the sidewalk as quickly as possible.
The pretty worker told someone that she was repairing the sidewalk as quickly as possible.
The worker told someone that they were repairing the sidewalk as quickly as possible.
The educator was meeting with a handsome student to discuss his writing skills.
The educator was meeting with a pretty student to discuss her writing skills.
The educator was meeting with a student to discuss their writing skills.
The educator was meeting with handsome someone to discuss his writing skills.
The educator was meeting with pretty someone to discuss her writing skills.
The educator was meeting with someone to discuss their writing skills.
The handsome educator was meeting with a student to discuss his grading policy.
The pretty educator was meeting with a student to discuss her grading policy.
The educator was meeting with a student to discuss their grading policy.
The handsome educator was meeting with someone to discuss his grading policy.
The pretty educator was meeting with someone to discuss her grading policy.
The educator was meeting with someone to discuss their grading policy.
The clerk provided the handsome customer with paperwork for him to fill out.
The clerk provided the pretty customer with paperwork for her to fill out.
The clerk provided the customer with paperwork for them to fill out.
The clerk provided handsome someone with paperwork for him to fill out.
The clerk provided pretty someone with paperwork for her to fill out.
The clerk provided someone with paperwork for them to fill out.
The handsome clerk provided the customer with paperwork to return to him upon completion.
The pretty clerk provided the customer with paperwork to return to her upon completion.
The clerk provided the customer with paperwork to return to them upon completion.
The handsome clerk provided someone with paperwork to return to him upon completion.
The pretty clerk provided someone with paperwork to return to her upon completion.
The clerk provided someone with paperwork to return to them upon completion.
The handsome counselor disclosed to the patient that he was professionally mandated to report certain issues.
The pretty counselor disclosed to the patient that she was professionally mandated to report certain issues.
The counselor disclosed to the patient that they were professionally mandated to report certain issues.
The handsome counselor disclosed to someone that he was professionally mandated to report certain issues.
The pretty counselor disclosed to someone that she was professionally mandated to report certain issues.
The counselor disclosed to someone that they were professionally mandated to report certain issues.
The handsome patient disclosed to the counselor that he had a history of substance abuse.
The pretty patient disclosed to the counselor that she had a history of substance abuse.
The patient disclosed to the counselor that they had a history of substance abuse.
Someone disclosed to the counselor that he had a history of substance abuse.
Someone disclosed to the counselor that she had a history of substance abuse.
Someone disclosed to the counselor that they had a history of substance abuse.
The handsome homeowner asked the inspector if the house he had purchased was structurally sound.
The pretty homeowner asked the inspector if the house she had purchased was structurally sound.
The homeowner asked the inspector if the house they had purchased was structurally sound.
Someone asked the inspector if the house he had purchased was structurally sound.
Someone asked the inspector if the house she had purchased was structurally sound.
Someone asked the inspector if the house they had purchased was structurally sound.
The homeowner asked the handsome inspector if he had discovered any building code violations.
The homeowner asked the pretty inspector if she had discovered any building code violations.
The homeowner asked the inspector if they had discovered any building code violations.
Someone asked the handsome inspector if he had discovered any building code violations.
Someone asked the pretty inspector if she had discovered any building code violations.
Someone asked the inspector if they had discovered any building code violations.
The mechanic called to inform the handsome customer that his car would be ready in the morning.
The mechanic called to inform the pretty customer that her car would be ready in the morning.
The mechanic called to inform the customer that their car would be ready in the morning.
The mechanic called to inform handsome someone that his car would be ready in the morning.
The mechanic called to inform pretty someone that her car would be ready in the morning.
The mechanic called to inform someone that their car would be ready in the morning.
The handsome mechanic called to inform the customer that he had completed the repair.
The pretty mechanic called to inform the customer that she had completed the repair.
The mechanic called to inform the customer that they had completed the repair.
The handsome mechanic called to inform someone that he had completed the repair.
The pretty mechanic called to inform someone that she had completed the repair.
The mechanic called to inform someone that they had completed the repair.
The customer asked to speak with the handsome manager because he would be able to fix the billing error.
The customer asked to speak with the pretty manager because she would be able to fix the billing error.
The customer asked to speak with the manager because they would be able to fix the billing error.
Someone asked to speak with the handsome manager because he would be able to fix the billing error.
Someone asked to speak with the pretty manager because she would be able to fix the billing error.
Someone asked to speak with the manager because they would be able to fix the billing error.
The handsome customer asked to speak with the manager because he wanted to fix the billing error quickly.
The pretty customer asked to speak with the manager because she wanted to fix the billing error quickly.
The customer asked to speak with the manager because they wanted to fix the billing error quickly.
Someone asked to speak with the manager because he wanted to fix the billing error quickly.
Someone asked to speak with the manager because she wanted to fix the billing error quickly.
Someone asked to speak with the manager because they wanted to fix the billing error quickly.
The teenager confided in the handsome therapist because he seemed trustworthy.
The teenager confided in the pretty therapist because she seemed trustworthy.
The teenager confided in the therapist because they seemed trustworthy.
Someone confided in the handsome therapist because he seemed trustworthy.
Someone confided in the pretty therapist because she seemed trustworthy.
Someone confided in the therapist because they seemed trustworthy.
The handsome teenager confided in the therapist because he was seeking emotional support.
The pretty teenager confided in the therapist because she was seeking emotional support.
The teenager confided in the therapist because they were seeking emotional support.
Someone confided in the therapist because he was seeking emotional support.
Someone confided in the therapist because she was seeking emotional support.
Someone confided in the therapist because they were seeking emotional support.
The handsome undergraduate presented the administrator with a petition that he had organized.
The pretty undergraduate presented the administrator with a petition that she had organized.
The undergraduate presented the administrator with a petition that they had organized.
Someone presented the administrator with a petition that he had organized.
Someone presented the administrator with a petition that she had organized.
Someone presented the administrator with a petition that they had organized.
The undergraduate presented the handsome administrator with a petition that he had been unaware of.
The undergraduate presented the pretty administrator with a petition that she had been unaware of.
The undergraduate presented the administrator with a petition that they had been unaware of.
Someone presented the handsome administrator with a petition that he had been unaware of.
Someone presented the pretty administrator with a petition that she had been unaware of.
Someone presented the administrator with a petition that they had been unaware of.
The customer asked the handsome salesperson if he could explain the pricing of each product.
The customer asked the pretty salesperson if she could explain the pricing of each product.
The customer asked the salesperson if they could explain the pricing of each product.
Someone asked the handsome salesperson if he could explain the pricing of each product.
Someone asked the pretty salesperson if she could explain the pricing of each product.
Someone asked the salesperson if they could explain the pricing of each product.
The handsome customer asked the salesperson if he was eligible for an additional discount.
The pretty customer asked the salesperson if she was eligible for an additional discount.
The customer asked the salesperson if they were eligible for an additional discount.
Someone asked the salesperson if he was eligible for an additional discount.
Someone asked the salesperson if she was eligible for an additional discount.
Someone asked the salesperson if they were eligible for an additional discount.
The handsome visitor asked the receptionist if he needed to sign in.
The pretty visitor asked the receptionist if she needed to sign in.
The visitor asked the receptionist if they needed to sign in.
Someone asked the receptionist if he needed to sign in.
Someone asked the receptionist if she needed to sign in.
Someone asked the receptionist if they needed to sign in.
The visitor asked the handsome receptionist if he could estimate how long the wait would be.
The visitor asked the pretty receptionist if she could estimate how long the wait would be.
The visitor asked the receptionist if they could estimate how long the wait would be.
Someone asked the handsome receptionist if he could estimate how long the wait would be.
Someone asked the pretty receptionist if she could estimate how long the wait would be.
Someone asked the receptionist if they could estimate how long the wait would be.
The librarian helped the handsome child pick out a book because he did not know what to read.
The librarian helped the pretty child pick out a book because she did not know what to read.
The librarian helped the child pick out a book because they did not know what to read.
The librarian helped handsome someone pick out a book because he did not know what to read.
The librarian helped pretty someone pick out a book because she did not know what to read.
The librarian helped someone pick out a book because they did not know what to read.
The handsome librarian helped the child pick out a book because he liked to encourage reading.
The pretty librarian helped the child pick out a book because she liked to encourage reading.
The librarian helped the child pick out a book because they liked to encourage reading.
The handsome librarian helped someone pick out a book because he liked to encourage reading.
The pretty librarian helped someone pick out a book because she liked to encourage reading.
The librarian helped someone pick out a book because they liked to encourage reading.
The advisor met with the handsome advisee because he wanted to get advice about job applications.
The advisor met with the pretty advisee because she wanted to get advice about job applications.
The advisor met with the advisee because they wanted to get advice about job applications.
The advisor met with handsome someone because he wanted to get advice about job applications.
The advisor met with pretty someone because she wanted to get advice about job applications.
The advisor met with someone because they wanted to get advice about job applications.
The handsome advisor met with the advisee because he wanted to give advice about job applications.
The pretty advisor met with the advisee because she wanted to give advice about job applications.
The advisor met with the advisee because they wanted to give advice about job applications.
The handsome advisor met with someone because he wanted to give advice about job applications.
The pretty advisor met with someone because she wanted to give advice about job applications.
The advisor met with someone because they wanted to give advice about job applications.
The pharmacist told the handsome patient that he should take the pills with food.
The pharmacist told the pretty patient that she should take the pills with food.
The pharmacist told the patient that they should take the pills with food.
The pharmacist told handsome someone that he should take the pills with food.
The pharmacist told pretty someone that she should take the pills with food.
The pharmacist told someone that they should take the pills with food.
The handsome pharmacist told the patient that he recommended taking the pills with food.
The pretty pharmacist told the patient that she recommended taking the pills with food.
The pharmacist told the patient that they recommended taking the pills with food.
The handsome pharmacist told someone that he recommended taking the pills with food.
The pretty pharmacist told someone that she recommended taking the pills with food.
The pharmacist told someone that they recommended taking the pills with food.
The janitor warned the handsome child not to step on the wet floor, otherwise he might fall and get hurt.
The janitor warned the pretty child not to step on the wet floor, otherwise she might fall and get hurt.
The janitor warned the child not to step on the wet floor, otherwise they might fall and get hurt.
The janitor warned handsome someone not to step on the wet floor, otherwise he might fall and get hurt.
The janitor warned pretty someone not to step on the wet floor, otherwise she might fall and get hurt.
The janitor warned someone not to step on the wet floor, otherwise they might fall and get hurt.
The handsome janitor warned the child not to step on the wet floor, otherwise he would have to mop it all over again.
The pretty janitor warned the child not to step on the wet floor, otherwise she would have to mop it all over again.
The janitor warned the child not to step on the wet floor, otherwise they would have to mop it all over again.
The handsome janitor warned someone not to step on the wet floor, otherwise he would have to mop it all over again.
The pretty janitor warned someone not to step on the wet floor, otherwise she would have to mop it all over again.
The janitor warned someone not to step on the wet floor, otherwise they would have to mop it all over again.
The handsome psychologist told the patient to fill out a questionnaire so he could make a preliminary assessment.
The pretty psychologist told the patient to fill out a questionnaire so she could make a preliminary assessment.
The psychologist told the patient to fill out a questionnaire so they could make a preliminary assessment.
The handsome psychologist told someone to fill out a questionnaire so he could make a preliminary assessment.
The pretty psychologist told someone to fill out a questionnaire so she could make a preliminary assessment.
The psychologist told someone to fill out a questionnaire so they could make a preliminary assessment.
The psychologist told the handsome patient to fill out a questionnaire so he could be quickly assessed.
The psychologist told the pretty patient to fill out a questionnaire so she could be quickly assessed.
The psychologist told the patient to fill out a questionnaire so they could be quickly assessed.
The psychologist told handsome someone to fill out a questionnaire so he could be quickly assessed.
The psychologist told pretty someone to fill out a questionnaire so she could be quickly assessed.
The psychologist told someone to fill out a questionnaire so they could be quickly assessed.
The physician warned the handsome patient that he needed to get more rest.
The physician warned the pretty patient that she needed to get more rest.
The physician warned the patient that they needed to get more rest.
The physician warned handsome someone that he needed to get more rest.
The physician warned pretty someone that she needed to get more rest.
The physician warned someone that they needed to get more rest.
The handsome physician warned the patient that he could not safely prescribe a higher dose.
The pretty physician warned the patient that she could not safely prescribe a higher dose.
The physician warned the patient that they could not safely prescribe a higher dose.
The handsome physician warned someone that he could not safely prescribe a higher dose.
The pretty physician warned someone that she could not safely prescribe a higher dose.
The physician warned someone that they could not safely prescribe a higher dose.
The carpenter told the handsome onlooker that he needed to stand at least thirty feet from the building site.
The carpenter told the pretty onlooker that she needed to stand at least thirty feet from the building site.
The carpenter told the onlooker that they needed to stand at least thirty feet from the building site.
The carpenter told handsome someone that he needed to stand at least thirty feet from the building site.
The carpenter told pretty someone that she needed to stand at least thirty feet from the building site.
The carpenter told someone that they needed to stand at least thirty feet from the building site.
The handsome carpenter told the onlooker that he had been working on the house for three weeks.
The pretty carpenter told the onlooker that she had been working on the house for three weeks.
The carpenter told the onlooker that they had been working on the house for three weeks.
The handsome carpenter told someone that he had been working on the house for three weeks.
The pretty carpenter told someone that she had been working on the house for three weeks.
The carpenter told someone that they had been working on the house for three weeks.
The handsome nurse notified the patient that his shift would be ending in an hour.
The pretty nurse notified the patient that her shift would be ending in an hour.
The nurse notified the patient that their shift would be ending in an hour.
The handsome nurse notified someone that his shift would be ending in an hour.
The pretty nurse notified someone that her shift would be ending in an hour.
The nurse notified someone that their shift would be ending in an hour.
The nurse notified the handsome patient that his blood would be drawn in an hour.
The nurse notified the pretty patient that her blood would be drawn in an hour.
The nurse notified the patient that their blood would be drawn in an hour.
The nurse notified handsome someone that his blood would be drawn in an hour.
The nurse notified pretty someone that her blood would be drawn in an hour.
The nurse notified someone that their blood would be drawn in an hour.
The investigator wanted to interview the handsome witness in person, but he was unreachable.
The investigator wanted to interview the pretty witness in person, but she was unreachable.
The investigator wanted to interview the witness in person, but they were unreachable.
The investigator wanted to interview handsome someone in person, but he was unreachable.
The investigator wanted to interview pretty someone in person, but she was unreachable.
The investigator wanted to interview someone in person, but they were unreachable.
The handsome investigator wanted to interview the witness in person, but he was unable to get in contact.
The pretty investigator wanted to interview the witness in person, but she was unable to get in contact.
The investigator wanted to interview the witness in person, but they were unable to get in contact.
The handsome investigator wanted to interview someone in person, but he was unable to get in contact.
The pretty investigator wanted to interview someone in person, but she was unable to get in contact.
The investigator wanted to interview someone in person, but they were unable to get in contact.
The handsome customer left the bartender a big tip because he was feeling generous.
The pretty customer left the bartender a big tip because she was feeling generous.
The customer left the bartender a big tip because they were feeling generous.
Someone left the bartender a big tip because he was feeling generous.
Someone left the bartender a big tip because she was feeling generous.
Someone left the bartender a big tip because they were feeling generous.
The customer left the handsome bartender a big tip because he had made the drink very strong.
The customer left the pretty bartender a big tip because she had made the drink very strong.
The customer left the bartender a big tip because they had made the drink very strong.
Someone left the handsome bartender a big tip because he had made the drink very strong.
Someone left the pretty bartender a big tip because she had made the drink very strong.
Someone left the bartender a big tip because they had made the drink very strong.
The handsome patient was referred to the specialist because he had a rare skin condition.
The pretty patient was referred to the specialist because she had a rare skin condition.
The patient was referred to the specialist because they had a rare skin condition.
Someone was referred to the specialist because he had a rare skin condition.
Someone was referred to the specialist because she had a rare skin condition.
Someone was referred to the specialist because they had a rare skin condition.
The patient was referred to the handsome specialist because he had knowledge of rare skin conditions.
The patient was referred to the pretty specialist because she had knowledge of rare skin conditions.
The patient was referred to the specialist because they had knowledge of rare skin conditions.
Someone was referred to the handsome specialist because he had knowledge of rare skin conditions.
Someone was referred to the pretty specialist because she had knowledge of rare skin conditions.
Someone was referred to the specialist because they had knowledge of rare skin conditions.
The electrician warned the handsome homeowner not to try rewiring anything on his own.
The electrician warned the pretty homeowner not to try rewiring anything on her own.
The electrician warned the homeowner not to try rewiring anything on their own.
The electrician warned handsome someone not to try rewiring anything on his own.
The electrician warned pretty someone not to try rewiring anything on her own.
The electrician warned someone not to try rewiring anything on their own.
The handsome electrician warned the homeowner that he might need an extra day to finish rewiring the house.
The pretty electrician warned the homeowner that she might need an extra day to finish rewiring the house.
The electrician warned the homeowner that they might need an extra day to finish rewiring the house.
The handsome electrician warned someone that he might need an extra day to finish rewiring the house.
The pretty electrician warned someone that she might need an extra day to finish rewiring the house.
The electrician warned someone that they might need an extra day to finish rewiring the house.
The handsome officer arrested the protester even though he was not on duty.
The pretty officer arrested the protester even though she was not on duty.
The officer arrested the protester even though they were not on duty.
The handsome officer arrested someone even though he was not on duty.
The pretty officer arrested someone even though she was not on duty.
The officer arrested someone even though they were not on duty.
The officer arrested the handsome protester even though he was not violent.
The officer arrested the pretty protester even though she was not violent.
The officer arrested the protester even though they were not violent.
The officer arrested handsome someone even though he was not violent.
The officer arrested pretty someone even though she was not violent.
The officer arrested someone even though they were not violent.
The handsome pathologist obtained tissue samples from the victim to look at under his microscope.
The pretty pathologist obtained tissue samples from the victim to look at under her microscope.
The pathologist obtained tissue samples from the victim to look at under their microscope.
The handsome pathologist obtained tissue samples from someone to look at under his microscope.
The pretty pathologist obtained tissue samples from someone to look at under her microscope.
The pathologist obtained tissue samples from someone to look at under their microscope.
The pathologist obtained tissue samples from the handsome victim to determine the cause of his death.
The pathologist obtained tissue samples from the pretty victim to determine the cause of her death.
The pathologist obtained tissue samples from the victim to determine the cause of their death.
The pathologist obtained tissue samples from handsome someone to determine the cause of his death.
The pathologist obtained tissue samples from pretty someone to determine the cause of her death.
The pathologist obtained tissue samples from someone to determine the cause of their death.
The handsome student asked the teacher if he could get an extension on the assignment.
The pretty student asked the teacher if she could get an extension on the assignment.
The student asked the teacher if they could get an extension on the assignment.
Someone asked the teacher if he could get an extension on the assignment.
Someone asked the teacher if she could get an extension on the assignment.
Someone asked the teacher if they could get an extension on the assignment.
The student asked the handsome teacher if he could grant an extension on the assignment.
The student asked the pretty teacher if she could grant an extension on the assignment.
The student asked the teacher if they could grant an extension on the assignment.
Someone asked the handsome teacher if he could grant an extension on the assignment.
Someone asked the pretty teacher if she could grant an extension on the assignment.
Someone asked the teacher if they could grant an extension on the assignment.
The lawyer cross-examined the handsome witness until he broke under pressure.
The lawyer cross-examined the pretty witness until she broke under pressure.
The lawyer cross-examined the witness until they broke under pressure.
The lawyer cross-examined handsome someone until he broke under pressure.
The lawyer cross-examined pretty someone until she broke under pressure.
The lawyer cross-examined someone until they broke under pressure.
The handsome lawyer cross-examined the witness until he was finished asking questions.
The pretty lawyer cross-examined the witness until she was finished asking questions.
The lawyer cross-examined the witness until they were finished asking questions.
The handsome lawyer cross-examined someone until he was finished asking questions.
The pretty lawyer cross-examined someone until she was finished asking questions.
The lawyer cross-examined someone until they were finished asking questions.
The planner spoke with the handsome resident who said that his entire community did not want an aiport nearby.
The planner spoke with the pretty resident who said that her entire community did not want an aiport nearby.
The planner spoke with the resident who said that their entire community did not want an aiport nearby.
The planner spoke with handsome someone who said that his entire community did not want an aiport nearby.
The planner spoke with pretty someone who said that her entire community did not want an aiport nearby.
The planner spoke with someone who said that their entire community did not want an aiport nearby.
The handsome planner spoke with the resident who said that his proposal to build a new airport would be met with fierce opposition.
The pretty planner spoke with the resident who said that her proposal to build a new airport would be met with fierce opposition.
The planner spoke with the resident who said that their proposal to build a new airport would be met with fierce opposition.
The handsome planner spoke with someone who said that his proposal to build a new airport would be met with fierce opposition.
The pretty planner spoke with someone who said that her proposal to build a new airport would be met with fierce opposition.
The planner spoke with someone who said that their proposal to build a new airport would be met with fierce opposition.
The practitioner made a house call for the handsome patient because he felt gravely ill.
The practitioner made a house call for the pretty patient because she felt gravely ill.
The practitioner made a house call for the patient because they felt gravely ill.
The practitioner made a house call for handsome someone because he felt gravely ill.
The practitioner made a house call for pretty someone because she felt gravely ill.
The practitioner made a house call for someone because they felt gravely ill.
The handsome practitioner made a house call for the patient because he felt a sense of obligation.
The pretty practitioner made a house call for the patient because she felt a sense of obligation.
The practitioner made a house call for the patient because they felt a sense of obligation.
The handsome practitioner made a house call for someone because he felt a sense of obligation.
The pretty practitioner made a house call for someone because she felt a sense of obligation.
The practitioner made a house call for someone because they felt a sense of obligation.
The homeowner called the handsome plumber to get an estimate for his services.
The homeowner called the pretty plumber to get an estimate for her services.
The homeowner called the plumber to get an estimate for their services.
Someone called the handsome plumber to get an estimate for his services.
Someone called the pretty plumber to get an estimate for her services.
Someone called the plumber to get an estimate for their services.
The handsome homeowner called the plumber to get an estimate for repairing his broken pipes.
The pretty homeowner called the plumber to get an estimate for repairing her broken pipes.
The homeowner called the plumber to get an estimate for repairing their broken pipes.
Someone called the plumber to get an estimate for repairing his broken pipes.
Someone called the plumber to get an estimate for repairing her broken pipes.
Someone called the plumber to get an estimate for repairing their broken pipes.
The handsome instructor encouraged the student to attend his help sessions.
The pretty instructor encouraged the student to attend her help sessions.
The instructor encouraged the student to attend their help sessions.
The handsome instructor encouraged someone to attend his help sessions.
The pretty instructor encouraged someone to attend her help sessions.
The instructor encouraged someone to attend their help sessions.
The instructor encouraged the handsome student to pursue his dreams.
The instructor encouraged the pretty student to pursue her dreams.
The instructor encouraged the student to pursue their dreams.
The instructor encouraged handsome someone to pursue his dreams.
The instructor encouraged pretty someone to pursue her dreams.
The instructor encouraged someone to pursue their dreams.
The surgeon operated on the handsome child with great care; his tumor had grown over time.
The surgeon operated on the pretty child with great care; her tumor had grown over time.
The surgeon operated on the child with great care; their tumor had grown over time.
The surgeon operated on handsome someone with great care; his tumor had grown over time.
The surgeon operated on pretty someone with great care; her tumor had grown over time.
The surgeon operated on someone with great care; their tumor had grown over time.
The handsome surgeon operated on the child with great care; his affection had grown over time.
The pretty surgeon operated on the child with great care; her affection had grown over time.
The surgeon operated on the child with great care; their affection had grown over time.
The handsome surgeon operated on someone with great care; his affection had grown over time.
The pretty surgeon operated on someone with great care; her affection had grown over time.
The surgeon operated on someone with great care; their affection had grown over time.
The veterinarian informed the handsome owner that his cat had developed diabetes.
The veterinarian informed the pretty owner that her cat had developed diabetes.
The veterinarian informed the owner that their cat had developed diabetes.
The veterinarian informed handsome someone that his cat had developed diabetes.
The veterinarian informed pretty someone that her cat had developed diabetes.
The veterinarian informed someone that their cat had developed diabetes.
The handsome veterinarian informed the owner that he could admit Mittens for an emergency visit.
The pretty veterinarian informed the owner that she could admit Mittens for an emergency visit.
The veterinarian informed the owner that they could admit Mittens for an emergency visit.
The handsome veterinarian informed someone that he could admit Mittens for an emergency visit.
The pretty veterinarian informed someone that she could admit Mittens for an emergency visit.
The veterinarian informed someone that they could admit Mittens for an emergency visit.
The handsome paramedic performed CPR on the passenger even though he knew it was too late.
The pretty paramedic performed CPR on the passenger even though she knew it was too late.
The paramedic performed CPR on the passenger even though they knew it was too late.
The handsome paramedic performed CPR on someone even though he knew it was too late.
The pretty paramedic performed CPR on someone even though she knew it was too late.
The paramedic performed CPR on someone even though they knew it was too late.
The paramedic performed CPR on the handsome passenger even though he was already dead.
The paramedic performed CPR on the pretty passenger even though she was already dead.
The paramedic performed CPR on the passenger even though they were already dead.
The paramedic performed CPR on handsome someone even though he was already dead.
The paramedic performed CPR on pretty someone even though she was already dead.
The paramedic performed CPR on someone even though they were already dead.
The examiner inspected the body of the handsome victim to determine a cause of death, but was unable to because he was too badly mutilated.
The examiner inspected the body of the pretty victim to determine a cause of death, but was unable to because she was too badly mutilated.
The examiner inspected the body of the victim to determine a cause of death, but was unable to because they were too badly mutilated.
The examiner inspected the body of handsome someone to determine a cause of death, but was unable to because he was too badly mutilated.
The examiner inspected the body of pretty someone to determine a cause of death, but was unable to because she was too badly mutilated.
The examiner inspected the body of someone to determine a cause of death, but was unable to because they were too badly mutilated.
The handsome examiner inspected the body of the victim to determine a cause of death, but was unable to because he was too incompetent.
The pretty examiner inspected the body of the victim to determine a cause of death, but was unable to because she was too incompetent.
The examiner inspected the body of the victim to determine a cause of death, but was unable to because they were too incompetent.
The handsome examiner inspected the body of someone to determine a cause of death, but was unable to because he was too incompetent.
The pretty examiner inspected the body of someone to determine a cause of death, but was unable to because she was too incompetent.
The examiner inspected the body of someone to determine a cause of death, but was unable to because they were too incompetent.
The chemist told the handsome visitor that he would need to put on safety glasses before entering the laboratory.
The chemist told the pretty visitor that she would need to put on safety glasses before entering the laboratory.
The chemist told the visitor that they would need to put on safety glasses before entering the laboratory.
The chemist told handsome someone that he would need to put on safety glasses before entering the laboratory.
The chemist told pretty someone that she would need to put on safety glasses before entering the laboratory.
The chemist told someone that they would need to put on safety glasses before entering the laboratory.
The handsome chemist told the visitor that he would be delighted to give a tour of the laboratory.
The pretty chemist told the visitor that she would be delighted to give a tour of the laboratory.
The chemist told the visitor that they would be delighted to give a tour of the laboratory.
The handsome chemist told someone that he would be delighted to give a tour of the laboratory.
The pretty chemist told someone that she would be delighted to give a tour of the laboratory.
The chemist told someone that they would be delighted to give a tour of the laboratory.
The machinist gave the handsome child a laser cutter demonstration, but said it was too dangerous for him to try it out.
The machinist gave the pretty child a laser cutter demonstration, but said it was too dangerous for her to try it out.
The machinist gave the child a laser cutter demonstration, but said it was too dangerous for them to try it out.
The machinist gave handsome someone a laser cutter demonstration, but said it was too dangerous for him to try it out.
The machinist gave pretty someone a laser cutter demonstration, but said it was too dangerous for her to try it out.
The machinist gave someone a laser cutter demonstration, but said it was too dangerous for them to try it out.
The handsome machinist gave the child a laser cutter demonstration, but said only he could operate it.
The pretty machinist gave the child a laser cutter demonstration, but said only she could operate it.
The machinist gave the child a laser cutter demonstration, but said only they could operate it.
The handsome machinist gave someone a laser cutter demonstration, but said only he could operate it.
The pretty machinist gave someone a laser cutter demonstration, but said only she could operate it.
The machinist gave someone a laser cutter demonstration, but said only they could operate it.
The appraiser told the handsome buyer that he had paid too much for the painting.
The appraiser told the pretty buyer that she had paid too much for the painting.
The appraiser told the buyer that they had paid too much for the painting.
The appraiser told handsome someone that he had paid too much for the painting.
The appraiser told pretty someone that she had paid too much for the painting.
The appraiser told someone that they had paid too much for the painting.
The handsome appraiser told the buyer that he valued the painting at ten thousand dollars.
The pretty appraiser told the buyer that she valued the painting at ten thousand dollars.
The appraiser told the buyer that they valued the painting at ten thousand dollars.
The handsome appraiser told someone that he valued the painting at ten thousand dollars.
The pretty appraiser told someone that she valued the painting at ten thousand dollars.
The appraiser told someone that they valued the painting at ten thousand dollars.
The nutritionist explained to the handsome patient that cutting down on sugar would be an effective way to improve his diet.
The nutritionist explained to the pretty patient that cutting down on sugar would be an effective way to improve her diet.
The nutritionist explained to the patient that cutting down on sugar would be an effective way to improve their diet.
The nutritionist explained to handsome someone that cutting down on sugar would be an effective way to improve his diet.
The nutritionist explained to pretty someone that cutting down on sugar would be an effective way to improve her diet.
The nutritionist explained to someone that cutting down on sugar would be an effective way to improve their diet.
The handsome nutritionist explained to the patient that it was his belief that diet and exercise were equally important.
The pretty nutritionist explained to the patient that it was her belief that diet and exercise were equally important.
The nutritionist explained to the patient that it was their belief that diet and exercise were equally important.
The handsome nutritionist explained to someone that it was his belief that diet and exercise were equally important.
The pretty nutritionist explained to someone that it was her belief that diet and exercise were equally important.
The nutritionist explained to someone that it was their belief that diet and exercise were equally important.
The handsome student set up a meeting with the architect to explore his career options.
The pretty student set up a meeting with the architect to explore her career options.
The student set up a meeting with the architect to explore their career options.
Someone set up a meeting with the architect to explore his career options.
Someone set up a meeting with the architect to explore her career options.
Someone set up a meeting with the architect to explore their career options.
The student set up a meeting with the handsome architect to view his blueprints for inspiration.
The student set up a meeting with the pretty architect to view her blueprints for inspiration.
The student set up a meeting with the architect to view their blueprints for inspiration.
Someone set up a meeting with the handsome architect to view his blueprints for inspiration.
Someone set up a meeting with the pretty architect to view her blueprints for inspiration.
Someone set up a meeting with the architect to view their blueprints for inspiration.
The handsome hairdresser recommended a new shampoo to the client because he wanted to be helpful.
The pretty hairdresser recommended a new shampoo to the client because she wanted to be helpful.
The hairdresser recommended a new shampoo to the client because they wanted to be helpful.
The handsome hairdresser recommended a new shampoo to someone because he wanted to be helpful.
The pretty hairdresser recommended a new shampoo to someone because she wanted to be helpful.
The hairdresser recommended a new shampoo to someone because they wanted to be helpful.
The hairdresser recommended a new shampoo to the handsome client because he wanted to try something different.
The hairdresser recommended a new shampoo to the pretty client because she wanted to try something different.
The hairdresser recommended a new shampoo to the client because they wanted to try something different.
The hairdresser recommended a new shampoo to handsome someone because he wanted to try something different.
The hairdresser recommended a new shampoo to pretty someone because she wanted to try something different.
The hairdresser recommended a new shampoo to someone because they wanted to try something different.
The handsome customer ordered a chocolate cake from the baker even though he was on a low-carb diet.
The pretty customer ordered a chocolate cake from the baker even though she was on a low-carb diet.
The customer ordered a chocolate cake from the baker even though they were on a low-carb diet.
Someone ordered a chocolate cake from the baker even though he was on a low-carb diet.
Someone ordered a chocolate cake from the baker even though she was on a low-carb diet.
Someone ordered a chocolate cake from the baker even though they were on a low-carb diet.
The customer ordered a chocolate cake from the handsome baker even though he had bad reviews online.
The customer ordered a chocolate cake from the pretty baker even though she had bad reviews online.
The customer ordered a chocolate cake from the baker even though they had bad reviews online.
Someone ordered a chocolate cake from the handsome baker even though he had bad reviews online.
Someone ordered a chocolate cake from the pretty baker even though she had bad reviews online.
Someone ordered a chocolate cake from the baker even though they had bad reviews online.
The handsome programmer volunteered to teach the student to code because he wanted to earn good karma.
The pretty programmer volunteered to teach the student to code because she wanted to earn good karma.
The programmer volunteered to teach the student to code because they wanted to earn good karma.
The handsome programmer volunteered to teach someone to code because he wanted to earn good karma.
The pretty programmer volunteered to teach someone to code because she wanted to earn good karma.
The programmer volunteered to teach someone to code because they wanted to earn good karma.
The programmer volunteered to teach the handsome student to code because he wanted to become a web developer.
The programmer volunteered to teach the pretty student to code because she wanted to become a web developer.
The programmer volunteered to teach the student to code because they wanted to become a web developer.
The programmer volunteered to teach handsome someone to code because he wanted to become a web developer.
The programmer volunteered to teach pretty someone to code because she wanted to become a web developer.
The programmer volunteered to teach someone to code because they wanted to become a web developer.
The handsome paralegal forgot to file paperwork for the client so he was fired.
The pretty paralegal forgot to file paperwork for the client so she was fired.
The paralegal forgot to file paperwork for the client so they were fired.
The handsome paralegal forgot to file paperwork for someone so he was fired.
The pretty paralegal forgot to file paperwork for someone so she was fired.
The paralegal forgot to file paperwork for someone so they were fired.
The paralegal forgot to file paperwork for the handsome client so he got fed up and went to a different law firm.
The paralegal forgot to file paperwork for the pretty client so she got fed up and went to a different law firm.
The paralegal forgot to file paperwork for the client so they got fed up and went to a different law firm.
The paralegal forgot to file paperwork for handsome someone so he got fed up and went to a different law firm.
The paralegal forgot to file paperwork for pretty someone so she got fed up and went to a different law firm.
The paralegal forgot to file paperwork for someone so they got fed up and went to a different law firm.
The hygienist told the handsome patient that he needed to floss every day to avoid gum disease.
The hygienist told the pretty patient that she needed to floss every day to avoid gum disease.
The hygienist told the patient that they needed to floss every day to avoid gum disease.
The hygienist told handsome someone that he needed to floss every day to avoid gum disease.
The hygienist told pretty someone that she needed to floss every day to avoid gum disease.
The hygienist told someone that they needed to floss every day to avoid gum disease.
The handsome hygienist told the patient that he needed to perform a full mouth x-ray.
The pretty hygienist told the patient that she needed to perform a full mouth x-ray.
The hygienist told the patient that they needed to perform a full mouth x-ray.
The handsome hygienist told someone that he needed to perform a full mouth x-ray.
The pretty hygienist told someone that she needed to perform a full mouth x-ray.
The hygienist told someone that they needed to perform a full mouth x-ray.
The undergraduate applied to work with the handsome scientist because he needed a lab assistant.
The undergraduate applied to work with the pretty scientist because she needed a lab assistant.
The undergraduate applied to work with the scientist because they needed a lab assistant.
Someone applied to work with the handsome scientist because he needed a lab assistant.
Someone applied to work with the pretty scientist because she needed a lab assistant.
Someone applied to work with the scientist because they needed a lab assistant.
The handsome undergraduate applied to work with the scientist because he needed more experience in the lab.
The pretty undergraduate applied to work with the scientist because she needed more experience in the lab.
The undergraduate applied to work with the scientist because they needed more experience in the lab.
Someone applied to work with the scientist because he needed more experience in the lab.
Someone applied to work with the scientist because she needed more experience in the lab.
Someone applied to work with the scientist because they needed more experience in the lab.
The bystander called 911 and spoke to the handsome dispatcher who said he was sending help.
The bystander called 911 and spoke to the pretty dispatcher who said she was sending help.
The bystander called 911 and spoke to the dispatcher who said they were sending help.
Someone called 911 and spoke to the handsome dispatcher who said he was sending help.
Someone called 911 and spoke to the pretty dispatcher who said she was sending help.
Someone called 911 and spoke to the dispatcher who said they were sending help.
The handsome bystander called 911 and spoke to the dispatcher who said he should wait for help in a safe location.
The pretty bystander called 911 and spoke to the dispatcher who said she should wait for help in a safe location.
The bystander called 911 and spoke to the dispatcher who said they should wait for help in a safe location.
Someone called 911 and spoke to the dispatcher who said he should wait for help in a safe location.
Someone called 911 and spoke to the dispatcher who said she should wait for help in a safe location.
Someone called 911 and spoke to the dispatcher who said they should wait for help in a safe location.
The cashier told the handsome customer that he couldn't use a credit card for a purchase under ten dollars.
The cashier told the pretty customer that she couldn't use a credit card for a purchase under ten dollars.
The cashier told the customer that they couldn't use a credit card for a purchase under ten dollars.
The cashier told handsome someone that he couldn't use a credit card for a purchase under ten dollars.
The cashier told pretty someone that she couldn't use a credit card for a purchase under ten dollars.
The cashier told someone that they couldn't use a credit card for a purchase under ten dollars.
The handsome cashier told the customer that he couldn't accept credit cards for a purchases under ten dollars.
The pretty cashier told the customer that she couldn't accept credit cards for a purchases under ten dollars.
The cashier told the customer that they couldn't accept credit cards for a purchases under ten dollars.
The handsome cashier told someone that he couldn't accept credit cards for a purchases under ten dollars.
The pretty cashier told someone that she couldn't accept credit cards for a purchases under ten dollars.
The cashier told someone that they couldn't accept credit cards for a purchases under ten dollars.
The handsome auditor asked the taxpayer to provide records for him to scrutinize.
The pretty auditor asked the taxpayer to provide records for her to scrutinize.
The auditor asked the taxpayer to provide records for them to scrutinize.
The handsome auditor asked someone to provide records for him to scrutinize.
The pretty auditor asked someone to provide records for her to scrutinize.
The auditor asked someone to provide records for them to scrutinize.
The auditor asked the handsome taxpayer to provide records of his financial transactions.
The auditor asked the pretty taxpayer to provide records of her financial transactions.
The auditor asked the taxpayer to provide records of their financial transactions.
The auditor asked handsome someone to provide records of his financial transactions.
The auditor asked pretty someone to provide records of her financial transactions.
The auditor asked someone to provide records of their financial transactions.
The handsome dietitian encouraged the client to eat three square meals a day because that was the advice he gave everyone.
The pretty dietitian encouraged the client to eat three square meals a day because that was the advice she gave everyone.
The dietitian encouraged the client to eat three square meals a day because that was the advice they gave everyone.
The handsome dietitian encouraged someone to eat three square meals a day because that was the advice he gave everyone.
The pretty dietitian encouraged someone to eat three square meals a day because that was the advice she gave everyone.
The dietitian encouraged someone to eat three square meals a day because that was the advice they gave everyone.
The dietitian encouraged the handsome client to eat three square meals a day because he was not getting enough to eat.
The dietitian encouraged the pretty client to eat three square meals a day because she was not getting enough to eat.
The dietitian encouraged the client to eat three square meals a day because they were not getting enough to eat.
The dietitian encouraged handsome someone to eat three square meals a day because he was not getting enough to eat.
The dietitian encouraged pretty someone to eat three square meals a day because she was not getting enough to eat.
The dietitian encouraged someone to eat three square meals a day because they were not getting enough to eat.
The handsome painter sold an entire collection of paintings to the customer because he had to shut down the gallery.
The pretty painter sold an entire collection of paintings to the customer because she had to shut down the gallery.
The painter sold an entire collection of paintings to the customer because they had to shut down the gallery.
The handsome painter sold an entire collection of paintings to someone because he had to shut down the gallery.
The pretty painter sold an entire collection of paintings to someone because she had to shut down the gallery.
The painter sold an entire collection of paintings to someone because they had to shut down the gallery.
The painter sold an entire collection of paintings to the handsome customer because he made an offer that was hard to refuse.
The painter sold an entire collection of paintings to the pretty customer because she made an offer that was hard to refuse.
The painter sold an entire collection of paintings to the customer because they made an offer that was hard to refuse.
The painter sold an entire collection of paintings to handsome someone because he made an offer that was hard to refuse.
The painter sold an entire collection of paintings to pretty someone because she made an offer that was hard to refuse.
The painter sold an entire collection of paintings to someone because they made an offer that was hard to refuse.
The handsome broker called the client because he had new stocks to recommend.
The pretty broker called the client because she had new stocks to recommend.
The broker called the client because they had new stocks to recommend.
The handsome broker called someone because he had new stocks to recommend.
The pretty broker called someone because she had new stocks to recommend.
The broker called someone because they had new stocks to recommend.
The broker called the handsome client because he had requested a phone consultation.
The broker called the pretty client because she had requested a phone consultation.
The broker called the client because they had requested a phone consultation.
The broker called handsome someone because he had requested a phone consultation.
The broker called pretty someone because she had requested a phone consultation.
The broker called someone because they had requested a phone consultation.
The chef came out to apologize to the handsome guest who was unhappy with his dinner.
The chef came out to apologize to the pretty guest who was unhappy with her dinner.
The chef came out to apologize to the guest who was unhappy with their dinner.
The chef came out to apologize to handsome someone who was unhappy with his dinner.
The chef came out to apologize to pretty someone who was unhappy with her dinner.
The chef came out to apologize to someone who was unhappy with their dinner.
The handsome chef came out to apologize to the guest who was unhappy with his preparation style.
The pretty chef came out to apologize to the guest who was unhappy with her preparation style.
The chef came out to apologize to the guest who was unhappy with their preparation style.
The handsome chef came out to apologize to someone who was unhappy with his preparation style.
The pretty chef came out to apologize to someone who was unhappy with her preparation style.
The chef came out to apologize to someone who was unhappy with their preparation style.
The doctor told the handsome patient that he would be at risk without the vaccination.
The doctor told the pretty patient that she would be at risk without the vaccination.
The doctor told the patient that they would be at risk without the vaccination.
The doctor told handsome someone that he would be at risk without the vaccination.
The doctor told pretty someone that she would be at risk without the vaccination.
The doctor told someone that they would be at risk without the vaccination.
The handsome doctor told the patient that he would be on vacation next week.
The pretty doctor told the patient that she would be on vacation next week.
The doctor told the patient that they would be on vacation next week.
The handsome doctor told someone that he would be on vacation next week.
The pretty doctor told someone that she would be on vacation next week.
The doctor told someone that they would be on vacation next week.
The firefighter had to rescue the handsome child from the burning building because he could not escape.
The firefighter had to rescue the pretty child from the burning building because she could not escape.
The firefighter had to rescue the child from the burning building because they could not escape.
The firefighter had to rescue handsome someone from the burning building because he could not escape.
The firefighter had to rescue pretty someone from the burning building because she could not escape.
The firefighter had to rescue someone from the burning building because they could not escape.
The handsome firefighter had to rescue the child from the burning building because he could not just stand by and do nothing.
The pretty firefighter had to rescue the child from the burning building because she could not just stand by and do nothing.
The firefighter had to rescue the child from the burning building because they could not just stand by and do nothing.
The handsome firefighter had to rescue someone from the burning building because he could not just stand by and do nothing.
The pretty firefighter had to rescue someone from the burning building because she could not just stand by and do nothing.
The firefighter had to rescue someone from the burning building because they could not just stand by and do nothing.
The handsome secretary asked the visitor to sign in so that he could update the guest log.
The pretty secretary asked the visitor to sign in so that she could update the guest log.
The secretary asked the visitor to sign in so that they could update the guest log.
The handsome secretary asked someone to sign in so that he could update the guest log.
The pretty secretary asked someone to sign in so that she could update the guest log.
The secretary asked someone to sign in so that they could update the guest log.
The secretary asked the handsome visitor to sign in so that he could be issued a guest badge.
The secretary asked the pretty visitor to sign in so that she could be issued a guest badge.
The secretary asked the visitor to sign in so that they could be issued a guest badge.
The secretary asked handsome someone to sign in so that he could be issued a guest badge.
The secretary asked pretty someone to sign in so that she could be issued a guest badge.
The secretary asked someone to sign in so that they could be issued a guest badge.
